sentence_index	sentence
1	The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
2	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
3	Effective but too-tepid biopic
4	If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .
5	Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
6	The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
7	Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
8	Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
9	Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
10	But he somehow pulls it off .
11	Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
12	This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
13	What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
14	-LRB- Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
15	One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
16	Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
17	An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
18	Illuminating if overly talky documentary .
19	A masterpiece four years in the making .
20	The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
21	Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
22	A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
23	With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
24	A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .
25	Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
26	Scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
27	Occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
28	An idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
29	At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
30	However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
31	It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
32	Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
33	A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
34	Light , cute and forgettable .
35	If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB- Paid .
36	While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
37	Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
38	Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
39	Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
40	Though it is by no means his best work , Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
41	Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
42	A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .
43	Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
44	The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
45	Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
46	Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
47	The film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .
48	Karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
49	Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
50	A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
51	Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
52	May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
53	An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career .
54	In its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
55	Some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
56	Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
57	Sandra Nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .
58	Behind the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies -LRB- plus one sheep dog -RRB- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
59	Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
60	Manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
61	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
62	You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
63	Yet the act is still charming here .
64	Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
65	A pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
66	This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
67	Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both .
68	Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
69	The animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
70	The invincible Werner Herzog is alive and well and living in LA
71	Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
72	Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
73	Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
74	A simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
75	A taut , intelligent psychological drama .
76	A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
77	This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
78	At heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
79	The appearance of Treebeard and Gollum 's expanded role will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes .
80	I loved it !
81	Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
82	a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
83	If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
84	Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
85	Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
86	It 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .
87	Painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
88	This is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border .
89	A few artsy flourishes aside , Narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
90	While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
91	Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
92	In the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
93	Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
94	The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
95	A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
96	Doug Liman , the director of Bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
97	The tenderness of the piece is still intact .
98	Katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
99	Like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .
100	While McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
101	If nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
102	In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
103	But in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
104	Writer-director Burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
105	... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
106	I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it , but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
107	Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
108	Steve Irwin 's method is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
109	A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
110	On the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique .
111	The values that have held the Enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
112	If it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then SL2 does just that .
113	A romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
114	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
115	The film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
116	It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
117	A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
118	Edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .
119	A mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
120	It 's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives Secret Life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
121	Hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
122	In scope , ambition and accomplishment , Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
123	This may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
124	Between the drama of Cube ?
125	s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
126	A gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
127	Somewhere short of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
128	Digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
129	Unlike most teen flicks , Swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
130	An enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
131	`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
132	Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
133	You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
134	Dramas like this make it human .
135	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .
136	Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
137	It 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
138	Run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
139	A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
140	It is nature against progress .
141	In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
142	It 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
143	This is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
144	Merely as a technical , logistical feat , Russian Ark marks a cinematic milestone .
145	-LRB- Schweiger is -RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
146	It 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
147	But what spectacular sizzle it is !
148	... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
149	An original gem about an obsession with time .
150	It will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
151	Gloriously goofy -LRB- and gory -RRB- midnight movie stuff .
152	The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
153	If your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
154	It 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
155	It is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
156	As lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .
157	Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .
158	It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
159	It 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
160	Far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
161	A sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
162	Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
163	Tim Allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
164	More a load of enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures represent .
165	Enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
166	Here 's a British flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
167	It 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .
168	Must be seen to be believed .
169	Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : Nobody deserves any prizes here .
170	Everything that has to do with Yvan and Charlotte , and everything that has to do with Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband , feels funny and true .
171	The year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
172	Fans of Behan 's work and of Irish movies in general will be rewarded by Borstal Boy .
173	Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .
174	-LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
175	The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
176	Stephen Earnhart 's homespun documentary Mule Skinner Blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
177	A solidly seaworthy chiller .
178	If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
179	There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
180	A well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
181	There 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
182	Remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster ... done up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
183	Makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .
184	For a good chunk of its running time , Trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
185	Most of Crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
186	Nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
187	The seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
188	Rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
189	Ranks among Willams ' best screen work .
190	Engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
191	An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
192	It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
193	Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... But honestly , Analyze That really is n't all that bad .
194	A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
195	This is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
196	A very funny movie .
197	Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
198	But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
199	A cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
200	Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
201	Those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .
202	The kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
203	Watching Beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
204	Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
205	A fascinating and fun film .
206	Tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
207	This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
208	I admired this work a lot .
209	Whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .
210	... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
211	My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
212	She must have a very strong back .
213	A smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
214	Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
215	Without heavy-handedness , Dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
216	Solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
217	As an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
218	It is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
219	It wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
220	A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
221	It extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya .
222	Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality , but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
223	With the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
224	-LRB- Drumline -RRB- is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
225	At its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
226	An unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
227	A thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
228	You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
229	Tsai Ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
230	Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro .
231	Now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
232	We get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
233	Though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
234	Daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
235	Moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .
236	Visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
237	An absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
238	Mr. Parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
239	The result is something quite fresh and delightful .
240	All but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
241	Despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality -- Amy 's O 's honesty will win you over .
242	This is one of Polanski 's best films .
243	Day is not a great Bond movie , but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .
244	Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .
245	Is this progress ?
246	Elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
247	Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
248	Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
249	An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
250	I admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
251	The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
252	Remarkably accessible and affecting .
253	Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man .
254	The kooky yet shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
255	A triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
256	Behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one ca n't help but think he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
257	Jirí Hubac 's script is a gem .
258	His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
259	The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
260	Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
261	The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
262	I like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
263	Though Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
264	You might not buy the ideas .
265	But you 'll definitely want the T-shirt .
266	Provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz .
267	Windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
268	Presents an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
269	Just what makes us happy , anyway ?
270	A thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
271	One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
272	You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie -LRB- an anti-date movie is more like it -RRB- , but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
273	Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao , but it 's Dong Jie 's face you remember at the end .
274	This is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
275	The director , Steven Shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
276	It ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes .
277	The movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
278	A well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
279	Using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , Dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
280	... understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
281	The Transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
282	As a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights .
283	Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character ?
284	It is now .
285	By presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
286	An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
287	An incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar -LRB- and peculiarly venomous -RRB- bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
288	All the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
289	`` its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . ''
290	It 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
291	This is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
292	Parker holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
293	Münch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
294	Thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ... takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda .
295	Ultimately , the message of Trouble Every Day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .
296	If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
297	The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
298	There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty .
299	A wonderful character-based comedy .
300	It would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in Talk to Her , the women are down for the count .
301	An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
302	The unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
303	It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
304	It 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia .
305	Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
306	The tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
307	The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
308	It could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
309	What 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an Ikea world .
310	... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
311	Somewhat blurred , but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
312	As a director , Mr. Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
313	For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
314	Intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
315	The New Guy does have a heart .
316	Now , if it only had a brain .
317	A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture of fear .
318	Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan 's memoir , Borstal Boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
319	The film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
320	This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
321	It 's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
322	Morton is , as usual , brilliant .
323	Even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .
324	I do n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .
325	The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
326	Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
327	I enjoyed the ride -LRB- bumps and all -RRB- , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
328	You could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that Alias Betty is predictable .
329	Asia authors herself as Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
330	Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
331	But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
332	An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
333	High on melodrama .
334	But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
335	Finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
336	It 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
337	Spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects .
338	He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
339	Here , thankfully , they are .
340	Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
341	Hu and Liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
342	This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
343	Easier to respect than enthuse over , Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
344	Girls gone wild and gone civil again
345	... Tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
346	While this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .
347	Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
348	Clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
349	... always remains movingly genuine .
350	An intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
351	Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
352	A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
353	Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .
354	An involving true story of a Chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
355	Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
356	But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
357	It 's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .
358	This is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
359	Compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
360	It 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family .
361	A whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
362	Attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
363	The diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
364	The Pianist is a fine valedictory work for Polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
365	Foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
366	Even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
367	Is office work really as alienating as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
368	Farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
369	Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .
370	Bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
371	An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson .
372	As expected , Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
373	A model of what films like this should be like .
374	As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the Cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
375	Yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
376	Is n't it great ?
377	An unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
378	Over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance .
379	... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
380	Nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
381	A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
382	As a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- by desire ... -LRB- Sex and Lucía -RRB- makes for an arousing good time .
383	Absorbing character study by André Turpin .
384	Celebrated at Sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
385	Renner 's performance as Dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
386	If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
387	If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
388	You 'll probably love it .
389	Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
390	Energetic and boldly provocative .
391	Star Wars is back in a major way .
392	It 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
393	It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
394	While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Ca n't Swim .
395	If there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
396	Jacquot 's Tosca is a treat .
397	By the end of No Such Thing the audience , like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
398	If you liked such movies as Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or High Fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
399	... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` What Time Is It There ? ''
400	something the true film buff will enjoy .
401	Romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
402	I whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
403	Hey , who else needs a shower ?
404	Longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
405	Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
406	Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
407	Go see it and enjoy .
408	The stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension .
409	George Clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
410	There 's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking .
411	Murderous Maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
412	The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
413	As green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
414	As Bundy , Michael Reilly Burke -LRB- Octopus 2 : River of Fear -RRB- has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
415	A deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
416	Ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
417	A slick , skillful little horror film .
418	A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
419	-LRB- Anderson -RRB- uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
420	Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
421	despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break ! ''
422	Bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
423	A film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
424	Kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
425	The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . '
426	Lucas , take notes .
427	This is how you use special effects .
428	`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
429	near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
430	One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
431	Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed .
432	Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy , but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
433	Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
434	It represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
435	A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
436	An enchanting spectacular for Potter fans anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
437	The talents of the actors helps `` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
438	It 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave .
439	This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .
440	Dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
441	The movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
442	Starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
443	It 's still worth a look .
444	Most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
445	A hip ride into hyper-time , Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
446	Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
447	... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
448	The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : It 's a slow slog to get there .
449	The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
450	... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .
451	It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
452	Long after you leave Justine , you 'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
453	Still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
454	Call me a wimp , but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
455	Notorious C.H.O. has oodles of vulgar highlights .
456	An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
457	The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
458	A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
459	Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
460	If the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
461	Whether Kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
462	There are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
463	Unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .
464	There are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected -LRB- and gentle -RRB- way .
465	Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
466	There are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
467	The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .
468	` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
469	Working from Elliott 's memoir , Rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
470	The story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue .
471	When it really counts ... Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
472	The crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
473	The actors are fantastic .
474	They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
475	Ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
476	I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
477	Recalls quiet freak-outs like L'Avventura and Repulsion .
478	Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
479	... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
480	A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
481	Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
482	The movie is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
483	Lends itself to the narcotizing bland -LRB- sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie -RRB- machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie .
484	Well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
485	Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
486	-LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
487	This is n't a new idea .
488	It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
489	An impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
490	Two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
491	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
492	Disturbing and brilliant documentary .
493	... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
494	One of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .
495	Not too far below the gloss you can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
496	As if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .
497	Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
498	-LRB- Villeneuve -RRB- seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
499	The result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
500	Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .
501	It 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
502	Bourne , Jason Bourne .
503	He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl .
504	He 's Super Spy !
505	What makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
506	This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
507	The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
508	The film is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
509	A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane .
510	The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
511	What might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
512	Sound the trumpets : For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .
513	Although very much like the first movie based on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
514	-LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
515	As the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
516	Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man .
517	Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
518	The film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .
519	It has fun being grown up .
520	Like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
521	Rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding .
522	One scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
523	Quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
524	It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
525	One of -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- least inspired works .
526	This boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
527	Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
528	An irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
529	There 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
530	Few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
531	Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... -LRB- the film -RRB- addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
532	Stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
533	This is a very fine movie -- go see it .
534	As shaky as the plot is , Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
535	Despite its flaws , Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
536	One of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
537	Not everything works , but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .
538	A byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
539	A sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
540	The film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard ...
541	Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
542	Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
543	A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by Al Pacino .
544	You wo n't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
545	This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
546	The Bourne Identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
547	Provide -LRB- s -RRB- nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
548	If it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
549	Too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
550	The saturation bombing of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
551	For all its serious sense of purpose ... -LRB- it -RRB- finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
552	A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
553	This road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
554	Sure , it 's more of the same , but as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing .
555	A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
556	A bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
557	Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
558	Zhang Yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
559	... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
560	... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
561	A pleasant romantic comedy .
562	It 's a Count for our times .
563	Greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
564	Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
565	A romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
566	Vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
567	... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
568	A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
569	For the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
570	Majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
571	The smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
572	Effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
573	I love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
574	In his debut as a film director , Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
575	Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony .
576	Hopkins .
577	The movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
578	A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
579	Hayek is stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project .
580	It 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
581	Hilarious , acidic Brit comedy .
582	As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
583	An ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
584	It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .
585	Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
586	The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
587	Led by Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
588	Tuck Everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
589	A gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
590	A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
591	Possession is Elizabeth Barrett Browning meets Nancy Drew , and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute .
592	Hmm .
593	An uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the Italian masterpiece .
594	Windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
595	Having never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
596	The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
597	For all its failed connections , Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
598	This is pretty dicey material .
599	But some unexpected zigs and zags help .
600	The filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
601	The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
602	You do n't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable B-minus to The Emperor 's Club .
603	This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
604	Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
605	Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
606	A journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
607	Resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
608	`` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .
609	It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
610	A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
611	We need -LRB- Moore 's -RRB- noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
612	Although the editing might have been tighter , Hush !
613	sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
614	-LRB- Gai -RRB- comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
615	These are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
616	It 's rather like a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
617	A moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
618	As a singular character study , it 's perfect .
619	It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
620	A graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
621	While not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , `` In the Bedroom , '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
622	The experience of watching blobby old-school CGI animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
623	Time Changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
624	`` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' begins with a simple plan ... Well , at least that 's the plan .
625	Haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
626	-LRB- Director Peter -RRB- Jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .
627	While the glass slipper does n't quite fit , Pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
628	The drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
629	An exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
630	An offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
631	This version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
632	Sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
633	And in this regard , On Guard delivers .
634	... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
635	An impossible romance , but we root for the patronized Iranian lad .
636	Like Dickens with his passages , McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
637	There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .
638	an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
639	another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
640	A carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
641	A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
642	Cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
643	very solid , very watchable first feature for director Peter Sheridan
644	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
645	It suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks .
646	Workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
647	A pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
648	Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
649	Though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
650	Compelling as it is exotic , Fast Runner has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
651	What it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness .
652	The warm presence of Zhao Benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
653	This is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
654	Director Rob Marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
655	Skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
656	Bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
657	Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
658	In the end , Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did .
659	Sometimes , that 's enough .
660	An intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
661	Ice Cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
662	Both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
663	As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
664	Despite a story predictable enough to make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
665	An incredibly low-rent Danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
666	It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
667	Director Nalin Pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
668	He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
669	No question .
670	What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
671	Claude Miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
672	What Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
673	Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
674	Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
675	-LRB- A -RRB- Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -LRB- but -RRB- Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
676	Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
677	Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
678	The film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
679	Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
680	As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
681	The movie addresses a hungry need for PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .
682	This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
683	A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
684	This is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
685	Complex , affecting and uniquely Almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
686	Good ol' urban legend stuff .
687	Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
688	This is n't my favorite in the series , still I enjoyed it enough to recommend .
689	It 's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .
690	It is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
691	On its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
692	Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
693	Pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
694	Good movie .
695	Good actress .
696	But if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
697	It has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
698	It risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
699	With youthful high spirits , Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
700	It 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal .
701	A very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
702	But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
703	Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
704	Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
705	The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
706	Anchored by a terrific performance by Abbass , Satin Rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
707	Awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
708	Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
709	Though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
710	Sam Jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day Wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
711	Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
712	Binoche and Magimel are perfect in these roles .
713	When your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
714	While Undercover Brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
715	Gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
716	No wonder they 're talking about `` Talk to Her . ''
717	It 's astonishing .
718	For its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
719	Look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
720	It is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
721	It 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
722	A triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
723	Tailored to entertain !
724	A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
725	has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
726	A work of astonishing delicacy and force .
727	The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
728	For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
729	Is n't quite the equal of Woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .
730	The film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
731	An intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .
732	A modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
733	A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
734	What Jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
735	As teen movies go , `` Orange County '' is a refreshing change
736	Makes S&M seem very romantic , and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
737	A deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
738	Although Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
739	It is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
740	The movie sticks much closer to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of High Fidelity did .
741	A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
742	... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
743	This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
744	A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
745	Aside from being the funniest movie of the year , Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
746	Watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
747	Just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
748	There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También .
749	Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
750	It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
751	Reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
752	You can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
753	It 's hard not to be seduced by -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
754	A movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow .
755	A refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
756	If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
757	But fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .
758	From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , Haynes gets just about everything right .
759	Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
760	Has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
761	Ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card .
762	The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
763	There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
764	An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
765	There 's not much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
766	As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
767	Even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .
768	Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
769	This is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
770	An intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
771	... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .
772	A clever blend of fact and fiction .
773	A vivid cinematic portrait .
774	Hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
775	Theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
776	The film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
777	A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
778	It 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
779	Flavorful and romantic , you could call this How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
780	Happily for Mr. Chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
781	Thurman and Lewis are hilarious throughout .
782	the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
783	Hits one out of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department .
784	It dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
785	-LRB- Fessenden -RRB- is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
786	The comic performances are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .
787	a compelling journey ... and `` His Best Friend Remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .
788	At nearly three hours , the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
789	The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .
790	The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
791	A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
792	Pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
793	So young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
794	Woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
795	His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
796	Barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
797	The ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
798	... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
799	It 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
800	Offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
801	I do n't think I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man .
802	It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
803	Director Benoit Jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca , conveys the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
804	Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
805	Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen .
806	The perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
807	` Charly ' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy ...
808	Nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
809	A marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
810	The film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
811	Sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
812	Though the film 's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
813	A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '
814	A recent favourite at Sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania .
815	The recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
816	Occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao .
817	Bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
818	The 3D images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
819	Andersson creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
820	It 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
821	Often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , Hell House is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
822	De Oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli .
823	... an inviting piece of film .
824	The film 's real appeal wo n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
825	The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
826	A deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
827	A startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society .
828	A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
829	it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
830	As Hugh Grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` Lovely !
831	Brilliant ! '
832	Cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
833	Her delivery and timing are flawless .
834	Works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
835	At its best , The Good Girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
836	An amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
837	About nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the American dream .
838	Occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
839	A miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
840	`` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
841	A slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
842	Do n't plan on the perfect ending , but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
843	It has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .
844	The movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
845	It helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
846	A provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
847	Worth the effort to watch .
848	That rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
849	Boisterous and daft documentary .
850	Hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue .
851	A work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
852	Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
853	It turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
854	You might not want to hang out with Samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
855	A work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
856	It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
857	Thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
858	Witty , touching and well paced .
859	Lee Jeong-Hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it .
860	You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
861	The movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
862	Enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
863	A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
864	A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
865	Grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
866	At times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
867	Westfeldt and Juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
868	Harsh , effective documentary on life in the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories .
869	The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
870	Earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
871	A real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
872	It 's absolutely spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice .
873	A dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
874	There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
875	Smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
876	It 's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro .
877	Often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests . '
878	Though the controversial Korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
879	Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
880	The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
881	It 's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
882	The film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
883	More than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
884	It 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
885	But it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
886	Occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almodóvar style .
887	Merchant effectively translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
888	Some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
889	What could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
890	Davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
891	Achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
892	Once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
893	`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
894	If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
895	A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .
896	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
897	feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
898	A worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
899	-LRB- Broomfield -RRB- uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
900	Eight Crazy Nights is a showcase for Sandler 's many talents .
901	A sweet-natured reconsideration of one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
902	This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
903	Everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
904	A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
905	It 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
906	A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .
907	It never fails to engage us .
908	Its direction , its script , and Weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
909	A charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
910	This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee , and it still is .
911	The spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
912	Like its two predecessors , 1983 's Koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's Powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
913	Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
914	The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing .
915	Dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
916	A picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
917	A resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
918	Noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
919	Here , Adrian Lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
920	Evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
921	Rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
922	An elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
923	This concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .
924	Droll caper-comedy remake of `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik . ''
925	It 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown Chelsea Hotel ...
926	Is it a total success ?
927	No. .
928	Is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
929	You bet .
930	Zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
931	Dolgin and Franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee .
932	The disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
933	A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary American film .
934	Search it out .
935	Engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
936	The story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
937	A sly game of cat and mouse that 's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
938	Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper all takes place in Pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''
939	This horror-comedy does n't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count Elvira 's hooters .
940	The movie 's eventual success should be credited to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
941	Not a bad journey at all .
942	Sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
943	Windtalkers blows this way and that , but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
944	There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .
945	Eventually , it wins you over .
946	Noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
947	Like a south-of-the-border Melrose Place .
948	Those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find What Time Is It There ?
949	well worth the time .
950	A wildly funny prison caper .
951	Huppert gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .
952	Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
953	You 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
954	The actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
955	The reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
956	It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .
957	I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first .
958	a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
959	In Adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
960	It is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
961	... Blade II is more enjoyable than the original .
962	A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : You experience it as you watch .
963	The movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
964	The movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
965	The film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
966	Nothing Denis has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
967	Reinforces the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich .
968	Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
969	Finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
970	A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .
971	This is art paying homage to art .
972	... a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
973	Invincible is a wonderful movie .
974	... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous , starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
975	Dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
976	Occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
977	Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
978	Culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
979	Cuts right through the B.S. giving a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
980	The AM-radio soundtrack and game cast -- Tierney and the inimitable Walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
981	... does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
982	Marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
983	From spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , Vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .
984	Novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
985	Insomnia is involving .
986	Still , I thought it could have been more .
987	There was time on that second round to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief .
988	We can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
989	A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
990	The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
991	A worthwhile way to spend two hours .
992	Francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
993	Sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
994	One of the best of the year .
995	A love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
996	Throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , Nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
997	Makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
998	An endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
999	... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
1000	It is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
1001	Frailty is n't as gory or explicit .
1002	But in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
1003	Mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
1004	The long-range appeal of `` Minority Report '' should transcend any awards it bags .
1005	This is one for the ages .
1006	-LRB- A -RRB- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .
1007	Much monkeyfun for all .
1008	An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St. Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .
1009	-LRB- Hawn 's character -RRB- is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
1010	The heightened symmetry of this new\/old Cinema Paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
1011	The Powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .
1012	But this time there 's some mold on the gold .
1013	While surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
1014	It is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .
1015	A film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
1016	A pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
1017	Nicolas Philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year .
1018	A perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
1019	This ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
1020	An enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable Italian comedy Big Deal on Madonna Street .
1021	It takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .
1022	Reign of Fire may be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens , but it 's still pretty tasty .
1023	There are times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but I liked its heart and its spirit .
1024	Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more 's the pity .
1025	This cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
1026	Thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
1027	A tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man 's tortured soul .
1028	An epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood .
1029	Genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
1030	Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
1031	There has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
1032	I believe the message is in the messenger : The agent is a woman .
1033	An enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
1034	`` The Mothman Prophecies '' is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
1035	The second chapter of the Harry Potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
1036	More honest about Alzheimer 's disease , I think , than Iris .
1037	The acting alone is worth the price of admission .
1038	An excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
1039	Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination -- but Fiennes steals ` Red Dragon ' right from under their noses .
1040	This is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
1041	Impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
1042	This is n't a narrative film -- I do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .
1043	My oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
1044	The two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...
1045	Cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
1046	Biggie and Tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
1047	So many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
1048	The cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
1049	After making several adaptations of other writers ' work , Armenian-Canadian director Atom Egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
1050	The film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
1051	If it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .
1052	A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
1053	Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .
1054	Without resorting to hyperbole , I can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen .
1055	Nolan bravely treads where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
1056	Unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies as Life Is Beautiful and Jakob the Liar , The Grey Zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in Auschwitz .
1057	A potent allegorical love story .
1058	Even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
1059	This is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
1060	The movie is full of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife .
1061	A captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
1062	Andy Garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance .
1063	The movie is n't always easy to look at .
1064	But if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
1065	It 's -LRB- Ricci 's -RRB- best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .
1066	Highlights are the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and Nathan Lane as Vincent Crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
1067	-LRB- Howard -RRB- so good as Leon Barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .
1068	Superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
1069	By taking Entertainment Tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , Auto Focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
1070	It 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
1071	Subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .
1072	The weakest of the four Harry Potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
1073	Its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .
1074	Still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
1075	It further declares its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
1076	Smith 's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
1077	Full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .
1078	A movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
1079	Leave it to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
1080	Fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
1081	An extraordinary Swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best .
1082	A blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
1083	If the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
1084	It took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?
1085	Thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
1086	One of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
1087	The WWII drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
1088	It 's a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn .
1089	If you love Motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
1090	This time out , -LRB- Sade -RRB- is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
1091	Human Resources was a good , straightforward tale , but Time Out is better .
1092	It 's haunting .
1093	It 's like a poem .
1094	To the film 's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and Munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
1095	Chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
1096	Shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
1097	Even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from Hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
1098	A cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
1099	Sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both Caine and Fraser have their moments .
1100	Whether -LRB- Binoche and Magimel -RRB- are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
1101	A spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
1102	It 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
1103	Majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
1104	... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
1105	Fans of Nijinsky will savor every minute of Cox 's work .
1106	Everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
1107	Jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
1108	Escapism in its purest form .
1109	There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
1110	A comic gem with some serious sparkles .
1111	U.S. audiences may find -LRB- Attal and Gainsbourg 's -RRB- unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts .
1112	`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
1113	Once again , director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .
1114	A loving little film of considerable appeal .
1115	Although it 's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
1116	Flawed but worthy look at life in U.S. relocation camps .
1117	It 's a lovely film with lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi .
1118	No one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best .
1119	And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .
1120	A warm , funny , engaging film .
1121	Uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
1122	Half Submarine flick , Half Ghost Story , All in one criminally neglected film
1123	Entertains by providing good , lively company .
1124	Dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness -LRB- which always relates to characters and story -RRB- and Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .
1125	Visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
1126	Nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun .
1127	Unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most Hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of Italian for Beginners .
1128	You 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .
1129	The band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies -LRB- this one included -RRB- .
1130	Although German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , Mostly Martha could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
1131	A beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from Disney .
1132	As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
1133	-LRB- Lawrence bounces -RRB- all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
1134	The film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .
1135	What 's surprising about Full Frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
1136	Whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
1137	... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young Gaghan 's resume .
1138	It provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
1139	There 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
1140	It moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the Cold War datedness -- of its premise .
1141	A deep and meaningful film .
1142	The film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .
1143	It 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
1144	Enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
1145	A poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
1146	A rarity among recent Iranian films : It 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .
1147	Not only is Undercover Brother as funny , if not more so , than both Austin Powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
1148	In a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
1149	Woody Allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
1150	It 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
1151	The inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
1152	-LRB- Næs -RRB- directed the stage version of Elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
1153	Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
1154	But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
1155	A coda in every sense , The Pinochet Case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the British court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .
1156	Like Mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
1157	-LRB- T -RRB- his beguiling Belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
1158	Here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .
1159	But taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned can not be said to suck .
1160	You wo n't like Roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
1161	And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
1162	While the stoically delivered hokum of Hart 's War is never fun , it 's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
1163	We know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
1164	A sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
1165	A fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
1166	A celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
1167	Writer\/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
1168	A smart , witty follow-up .
1169	While the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .
1170	An infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
1171	Although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
1172	It provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
1173	Add yet another hat to a talented head , Clooney 's a good director .
1174	Building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
1175	Ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine .
1176	Chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : David Jacobson 's Dahmer .
1177	A swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
1178	Without ever becoming didactic , director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
1179	It 's a coming-of-age story we 've all seen bits of in other films -- but it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
1180	A literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
1181	Makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
1182	This is as respectful a film as Byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it 's necessary .
1183	One of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .
1184	Not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
1185	For the most part Stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
1186	Broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
1187	Against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
1188	It 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
1189	It 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
1190	A rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
1191	This surreal Gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes .
1192	A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
1193	A quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
1194	May be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
1195	A compelling Spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
1196	Huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
1197	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for Astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
1198	A delirious celebration of the female orgasm .
1199	Exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling .
1200	It 's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other .
1201	The film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .
1202	Leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
1203	One of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
1204	Jose Campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
1205	Generally , Clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
1206	The movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions .
1207	Neither Parker nor Donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
1208	It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
1209	Not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry , but the film conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books .
1210	Jaglom ... put -LRB- s -RRB- the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
1211	Beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
1212	A must-see for the David Mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .
1213	Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
1214	The acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .
1215	García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
1216	Far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features Nickelodeon has made from its other animated TV series .
1217	The very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher .
1218	A gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
1219	Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
1220	Still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
1221	So unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe ! '
1222	An intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
1223	So refreshingly incisive is Grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor .
1224	At a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
1225	The magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
1226	Hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile -LRB- emphasized here -RRB- accent the humor of Wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
1227	What better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?
1228	The second coming of Harry Potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
1229	A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda .
1230	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .
1231	It 's also , clearly , great fun .
1232	... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
1233	Seldahl 's Barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
1234	A warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
1235	Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
1236	Turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
1237	Bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
1238	People cinema at its finest .
1239	The performances take the movie to a higher level .
1240	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .
1241	... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
1242	Manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
1243	Dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
1244	LaPaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with Weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
1245	Reign of Fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
1246	Altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
1247	We root for -LRB- Clara and Paul -RRB- , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .
1248	The best film about baseball to hit theaters since Field of Dreams .
1249	Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
1250	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
1251	If The Count of Monte Cristo does n't transform Caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .
1252	-LRB- D -RRB- oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical Christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
1253	As a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a Triumph , however , it is not .
1254	If director Michael Dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .
1255	If your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .
1256	-LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .
1257	... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know .
1258	Like Leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
1259	All in all , The Count of Monte Cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
1260	If you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .
1261	Looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes , Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '
1262	... Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
1263	On this tricky topic , Tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
1264	Fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
1265	Montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
1266	Falls neatly into the category of Good Stupid Fun .
1267	The film 's performances are thrilling .
1268	Even in its most tedious scenes , Russian Ark is mesmerizing .
1269	The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .
1270	Reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
1271	Unfortunately , it appears that -LRB- Jackie -RRB- Chan 's US influence is starting to show in his Hong Kong films .
1272	It all adds up to good fun .
1273	A big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
1274	The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
1275	A stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for Kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
1276	Sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
1277	a quiet , pure , elliptical film
1278	Kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
1279	The subtle strength of `` Elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
1280	A study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
1281	The format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
1282	Has a lot of the virtues of Eastwood at his best .
1283	Chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of Jeffrey Dahmer , serial killer .
1284	Though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to Leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
1285	It deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
1286	A movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .
1287	Thanks to Scott 's charismatic Roger and Eisenberg 's sweet nephew , Roger Dodger is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men .
1288	Nine Queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
1289	It 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .
1290	Will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
1291	You do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
1292	A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
1293	For the first time in years , De Niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
1294	The film 's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
1295	Inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
1296	Affleck and Jackson are good sparring partners .
1297	The old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
1298	An effectively creepy , fear-inducing -LRB- not fear-reducing -RRB- film from Japanese director Hideo Nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
1299	Having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , Khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
1300	A subtle and well-crafted -LRB- for the most part -RRB- chiller .
1301	Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .
1302	Although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
1303	The best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
1304	A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original .
1305	This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
1306	Highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved Cool as Ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
1307	One of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others .
1308	Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession : He makes language sexy .
1309	Pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
1310	Rare Birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
1311	Manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
1312	This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film .
1313	And just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane .
1314	No sophomore slump for director Sam Mendes , who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
1315	The movie is n't just hilarious : It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
1316	Old-form moviemaking at its best .
1317	Ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
1318	Yakusho and Shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
1319	You will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
1320	Ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
1321	In spite of Good Housekeeping 's unsavory characters and WWF mentality , this white trash War of the Roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
1322	Collateral Damage finally delivers the goods for Schwarzenegger fans .
1323	There has always been something likable about the Marquis de Sade .
1324	As a first-time director , Paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul .
1325	For the most part , director Anne-Sophie Birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
1326	By the time we learn that Andrew 's Turnabout Is Fair Play is every bit as awful as Borchardt 's Coven , we can enjoy it anyway .
1327	This riveting World War II moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of American culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
1328	A tender , heartfelt family drama .
1329	A difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
1330	For the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
1331	It has the charm of the original American road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .
1332	-LRB- Chaiken 's -RRB- talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .
1333	In all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
1334	Huppert 's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
1335	My thoughts were focused on the characters .
1336	That is a compliment to Kuras and Miller .
1337	If I had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .
1338	One of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
1339	Remember the kind of movie we were hoping `` Ecks vs. Sever '' or `` xXx '' was going to be ?
1340	This is it .
1341	Not for the prurient or squeamish , it 's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .
1342	A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
1343	The film 's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .
1344	Travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
1345	There 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A.I. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
1346	For anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of Hell Houses in particular , it 's an eye-opener .
1347	It seems like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now I ca n't wait for the sequel .
1348	It 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
1349	An operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
1350	The far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
1351	It inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
1352	Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '
1353	By candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , -LRB- Jones -RRB- calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
1354	It 's unnerving to see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
1355	Good film , but very glum .
1356	Much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , Haneke has a different objective in mind -- namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .
1357	Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation .
1358	It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .
1359	Ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
1360	It has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .
1361	Although Jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for The Return of the King , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of The Two Towers .
1362	It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
1363	Bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
1364	It will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .
1365	This flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
1366	`` The Ring '' is pretty much an English-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
1367	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is a jolly surprise .
1368	Griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
1369	Prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , Jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .
1370	Offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
1371	An important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
1372	Is this love or is it masochism ?
1373	Binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
1374	The mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
1375	Worth watching for Dong Jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
1376	Two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
1377	It 's one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies but of the unique relationship between them .
1378	Candid Camera on methamphetamines .
1379	A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; The Pianist does not .
1380	Equilibrium is what George Orwell might have imagined had today 's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .
1381	Creepy , authentic and dark .
1382	This disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
1383	Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
1384	A twisty , moody slice of Southern Gothic ...
1385	It 's so good that you can practically see the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake .
1386	The weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
1387	An absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
1388	` They ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned .
1389	And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
1390	This tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country .
1391	... with `` The Bourne Identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .
1392	Beneath Clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from Rabbit-Proof Fence .
1393	The film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it 's an enjoyable one .
1394	Holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
1395	It is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
1396	Among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
1397	A full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
1398	Seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
1399	Audrey Tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate French comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie .
1400	The movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L.A. beach scene and the imaginative -LRB- and sometimes illegal -RRB- ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
1401	Even if you do n't think -LRB- Kissinger 's -RRB- any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
1402	The story and structure are well-honed .
1403	Fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .
1404	It 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
1405	It just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
1406	Funny but perilously slight .
1407	Overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
1408	Forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla power .
1409	Ramsay , as in Ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
1410	It may seem long at 110 minutes if you 're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .
1411	A lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures .
1412	It proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
1413	The Son 's Room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
1414	Morton uses her face and her body language to bring us Morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .
1415	The film may appear naked in its narrative form ... but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the Catholic doctrine
1416	A superbly acted and funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
1417	One of the smartest takes on singles culture I 've seen in a long time .
1418	There is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
1419	CQ 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors .
1420	The emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .
1421	Holy mad maniac in a mask , Splat-Man !
1422	Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
1423	As unseemly as its title suggests .
1424	The French are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the Americans , who have a passion for Musketeers , only to spoof them .
1425	The fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural French school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
1426	It 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
1427	Allows us to hope that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
1428	Maneuvers skillfully through the plot 's hot brine -- until it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .
1429	It has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .
1430	Anchored by Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .
1431	Nothing is black and white .
1432	It 's a charming and often affecting journey .
1433	No screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of Clones ' last 45 minutes .
1434	A poignant and compelling story about relationships , Food of Love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
1435	The Chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between Gauls and Yanks .
1436	Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
1437	Aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
1438	Uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
1439	It confirms Fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
1440	Vera 's three actors -- Mollà , Gil and Bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .
1441	A marvel like none you 've seen .
1442	With tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , Miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .
1443	Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There ?
1444	should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
1445	Writer\/director Mark Romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in America .
1446	It 's a scathing portrayal .
1447	This is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
1448	The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
1449	The film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
1450	Moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
1451	Not a film to rival To Live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
1452	True tale of courage -- and complicity -- at Auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
1453	Gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
1454	MacDowell , whose wifty Southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
1455	What Time Is It There ?
1456	is not easy .
1457	It haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
1458	if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then Esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
1459	Although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there 's no denying the fun of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun .
1460	Claude Chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay .
1461	For movie lovers as well as opera lovers , Tosca is a real treat .
1462	Unflinchingly bleak and desperate
1463	Moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
1464	Challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
1465	But it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
1466	The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
1467	A painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
1468	` Easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
1469	Charles ' entertaining film chronicles Seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic Adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
1470	That dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' Jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
1471	The movie is for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .
1472	The volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-Hollywood that it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance .
1473	A densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work .
1474	Michael Gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
1475	A strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
1476	Candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
1477	Open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
1478	Bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch Some Body first .
1479	... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
1480	The film is powerful , accessible and funny .
1481	You wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .
1482	`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .
1483	If you dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
1484	The primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .
1485	It 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
1486	It is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of Leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .
1487	A gorgeous , high-spirited musical from India that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
1488	It 's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance .
1489	For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
1490	Despite the 2-D animation , The Wild Thornberrys Movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
1491	... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of Jean Reno .
1492	-LRB- Majidi -RRB- makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .
1493	Though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
1494	I have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but I 've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than I want to believe .
1495	Immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop DJs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
1496	Further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of Dubya 's Axis of Evil .
1497	There 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
1498	A simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
1499	Lovely and poignant .
1500	Puts a human face on a land most Westerners are unfamiliar with .
1501	I ca n't say that I liked Homeboy ; it 'd be more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .
1502	Displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , Beneath Clouds establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
1503	The vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
1504	Not since Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa 's Ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
1505	We learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
1506	If the first Men in Black was money , the second is small change .
1507	But it still jingles in the pocket .
1508	It 's fun lite .
1509	Passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
1510	I just loved every minute of this film .
1511	This is a winning ensemble comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
1512	Just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
1513	My Wife Is an Actress is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own Hollywood remake .
1514	It will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way .
1515	A muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .
1516	A tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
1517	Belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as it belongs to Martin Scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .
1518	An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , Minority Report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
1519	A psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural Americana .
1520	While locals will get a kick out of spotting Cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious .
1521	Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
1522	If you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .
1523	Few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
1524	Corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
1525	It 's the perfect kind of film to see when you do n't want to use your brain .
1526	At all .
1527	While it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it 's alarmingly current .
1528	Feature debuter D.J. Caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
1529	Every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
1530	Harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
1531	Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .
1532	Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
1533	The movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
1534	The film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
1535	This illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
1536	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
1537	Trademark American triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent French drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
1538	One from the heart .
1539	More concerned with Sade 's ideas than with his actions .
1540	The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... -LRB- Quills -RRB- did by showing them .
1541	An entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
1542	While Undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
1543	The most compelling Wiseman epic of recent years .
1544	The socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -LRB- and -RRB- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
1545	It 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
1546	Good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of European , American and Asian influences .
1547	Liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , Goodfellas image .
1548	A woman 's pic directed with resonance by Ilya Chaiken .
1549	-LRB- Grant 's -RRB- bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .
1550	... Brian De Palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad .
1551	It 's a beautiful madness .
1552	Generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
1553	There are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
1554	A grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
1555	Escaping the studio , Piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
1556	Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
1557	A gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
1558	The special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
1559	On the heels of The Ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
1560	With Rabbit-Proof Fence , Noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
1561	-LRB- A -RRB- n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s .
1562	Preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
1563	Thanks to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , Far From Heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
1564	Birthday Girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
1565	More romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
1566	An appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
1567	Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
1568	The draw -LRB- for `` Big Bad Love '' -RRB- is a solid performance by Arliss Howard .
1569	It gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
1570	The terrific and bewilderingly underrated Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
1571	Cool ?
1572	This movie is a snow emergency .
1573	Like Mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .
1574	It wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
1575	Smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .
1576	Instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
1577	A mess when it comes to the characters and writing ... but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
1578	Drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .
1579	Zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
1580	A solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
1581	If you 're in the mood for a Bollywood film , here 's one for you .
1582	As the two leads , Lathan and Diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
1583	A beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in Iran .
1584	My Big Fat Greek Wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
1585	Kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .
1586	The sort of film that makes me miss Hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .
1587	First-time writer-director Serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
1588	It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
1589	Atom Egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
1590	essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of Aliens .
1591	` De Niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
1592	The whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
1593	While its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
1594	Hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
1595	Based on a devilishly witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
1596	It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .
1597	If you 've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is .
1598	Exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
1599	Whether writer-director Anne Fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .
1600	What the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as Corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
1601	If you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
1602	The quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
1603	This film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
1604	Another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
1605	A breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
1606	A romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
1607	Viewers of `` The Ring '' are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
1608	A delightful coming-of-age story .
1609	One of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .
1610	An exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
1611	A taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .
1612	Jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
1613	Despite its title , Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed .
1614	The jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
1615	There 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of Birthday Girl .
1616	Likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
1617	Blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
1618	... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
1619	A good piece of work more often than not .
1620	The movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
1621	What distinguishes Time of Favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
1622	Smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
1623	Nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
1624	The movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge .
1625	A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
1626	Filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
1627	So , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's New Delhi .
1628	If Steven Soderbergh 's ` Solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
1629	`` Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
1630	It 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .
1631	A pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
1632	Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil , `` Sade '' covers the same period as Kaufmann 's `` Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .
1633	A spellbinding African film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
1634	It 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .
1635	A moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , Solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
1636	A very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
1637	A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of Oscar-winners : Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
1638	Its maker , Steven Spielberg , has n't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping Indiana Jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
1639	Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .
1640	It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation .
1641	The movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
1642	Brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .
1643	This remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : Al Pacino loathing Robin Williams .
1644	The next generation of mob movie .
1645	Part low rent Godfather .
1646	Part Three Stooges .
1647	Lan Yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree .
1648	A thinly veiled look at different aspects of Chinese life clashing with each other .
1649	Light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful Insurrection .
1650	Which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors .
1651	If this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then The Grey Zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
1652	The Lion King was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on Imax it seems better , not just bigger .
1653	A gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
1654	The piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to Anspaugh 's three lead actresses .
1655	The inspirational screenplay by Mike Rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
1656	Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
1657	Director Andrew Niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
1658	His healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
1659	About a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
1660	This is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
1661	An artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
1662	Majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
1663	Richard Gere and Diane Lane put in fine performances as does French actor Oliver Martinez .
1664	The minor figures surrounding -LRB- Bobby -RRB- ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
1665	This is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
1666	It 's a demented kitsch mess -LRB- although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative -RRB- , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
1667	There is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
1668	All-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
1669	An interesting story with a pertinent -LRB- cinematically unique -RRB- message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''
1670	A movie with a real anarchic flair .
1671	A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
1672	A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode .
1673	It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
1674	Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
1675	An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
1676	-LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
1677	A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
1678	The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
1679	It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
1680	A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
1681	`` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
1682	I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
1683	For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
1684	What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
1685	Shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
1686	An absurdist spider web .
1687	If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
1688	This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
1689	Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
1690	Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
1691	Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
1692	It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
1693	This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
1694	More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
1695	The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
1696	With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
1697	The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
1698	Certainly the performances are worthwhile .
1699	Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
1700	Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
1701	Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
1702	Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
1703	Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
1704	Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
1705	A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
1706	By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
1707	I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
1708	A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
1709	High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
1710	If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
1711	I will be .
1712	It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
1713	The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
1714	It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
1715	Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
1716	Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
1717	Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
1718	She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
1719	One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
1720	The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
1721	Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
1722	Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
1723	Familiar but utterly delightful .
1724	A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
1725	The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
1726	The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
1727	The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
1728	While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
1729	As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
1730	In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
1731	Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .
1732	From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
1733	Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
1734	that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
1735	Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .
1736	Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
1737	Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .
1738	The movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
1739	imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
1740	Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets .
1741	It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
1742	It 's not a great monster movie .
1743	But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .
1744	Chomp chomp !
1745	The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
1746	Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
1747	Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
1748	Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
1749	It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
1750	Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
1751	A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
1752	It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
1753	The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
1754	What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
1755	Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
1756	A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
1757	By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
1758	... very funny , very enjoyable ...
1759	Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
1760	So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
1761	Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
1762	It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
1763	The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
1764	Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
1765	If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
1766	Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
1767	Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
1768	Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
1769	An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
1770	The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
1771	A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
1772	What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
1773	Duvall is strong as always .
1774	A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
1775	You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
1776	Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
1777	Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
1778	An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
1779	Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
1780	It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
1781	Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
1782	Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
1783	The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
1784	A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
1785	A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
1786	It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
1787	A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
1788	As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
1789	The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
1790	The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
1791	This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
1792	Poignant and delicately complex .
1793	Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
1794	Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
1795	In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
1796	Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
1797	Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
1798	If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
1799	This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
1800	The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .
1801	It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
1802	The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
1803	... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .
1804	It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .
1805	The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .
1806	Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
1807	Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
1808	With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
1809	The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .
1810	Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?
1811	Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
1812	A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
1813	As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
1814	It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
1815	Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
1816	What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
1817	Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
1818	Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
1819	The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
1820	K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
1821	It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
1822	Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
1823	It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
1824	... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
1825	Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
1826	Cho 's timing is priceless .
1827	... creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology .
1828	A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
1829	An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
1830	A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
1831	-LRB- Reno -RRB- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
1832	there is truth here
1833	a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
1834	A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
1835	Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
1836	The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .
1837	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
1838	A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
1839	Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
1840	... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
1841	This movie got me grinning .
1842	There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
1843	An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
1844	What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
1845	This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
1846	The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
1847	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
1848	There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
1849	Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
1850	Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
1851	A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
1852	Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
1853	Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
1854	In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
1855	... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
1856	-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .
1857	Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
1858	An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
1859	Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
1860	Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
1861	A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
1862	Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
1863	Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
1864	It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
1865	I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
1866	Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .
1867	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .
1868	Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .
1869	Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
1870	A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
1871	Schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
1872	A slick , engrossing melodrama .
1873	S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
1874	It 's a quirky , off-beat project .
1875	While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
1876	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .
1877	The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
1878	Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
1879	Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
1880	It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
1881	It is definitely worth seeing .
1882	An impeccable study in perversity .
1883	Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
1884	A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
1885	Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
1886	Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
1887	A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
1888	The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
1889	The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
1890	A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
1891	It is also beautifully acted .
1892	It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
1893	Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .
1894	It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
1895	Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
1896	Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
1897	The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .
1898	The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
1899	Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
1900	I liked this film a lot ...
1901	... there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
1902	A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
1903	Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
1904	With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
1905	On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
1906	A weird , arresting little ride .
1907	A fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories .
1908	A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
1909	You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
1910	Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
1911	A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
1912	There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
1913	The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .
1914	Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
1915	In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
1916	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
1917	There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
1918	Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
1919	Its sheer dynamism is infectious .
1920	For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
1921	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
1922	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
1923	` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
1924	It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
1925	The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
1926	The movie is well done , but slow .
1927	-LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
1928	The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
1929	The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
1930	Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
1931	Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
1932	Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
1933	One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
1934	It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
1935	Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .
1936	The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
1937	It is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
1938	This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
1939	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .
1940	High Crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
1941	Cusack 's just brilliant in this .
1942	Knows how to make our imagination wonder .
1943	Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
1944	The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
1945	Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
1946	Malcolm McDowell is cool .
1947	Paul Bettany is cool .
1948	Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?
1949	Cool .
1950	A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
1951	... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
1952	An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
1953	It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
1954	I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
1955	-LRB- Caine -RRB- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
1956	Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
1957	This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
1958	A captivating new film .
1959	Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
1960	It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
1961	Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
1962	It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
1963	With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
1964	A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
1965	The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
1966	A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
1967	A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
1968	A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
1969	Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
1970	The charming result is Festival in Cannes .
1971	If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
1972	A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
1973	A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
1974	If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
1975	Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
1976	There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
1977	An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
1978	An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
1979	Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
1980	If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
1981	Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
1982	Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
1983	He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
1984	This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
1985	Poetry in motion captured on film .
1986	While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
1987	Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
1988	The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
1989	I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
1990	The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .
1991	Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
1992	Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .
1993	But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
1994	Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
1995	This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
1996	The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
1997	The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
1998	Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
1999	Strange it is , but delightfully so .
2000	Elegant , mannered and teasing .
2001	An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .
2002	The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
2003	Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .
2004	The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
2005	A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .
2006	With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
2007	Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
2008	A minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
2009	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
2010	The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
2011	Imperfect ?
2012	Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
2013	You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
2014	But not a whit more .
2015	What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
2016	The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .
2017	As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
2018	This is a movie you can trust .
2019	Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
2020	`` It 's all about the image . ''
2021	Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
2022	Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
2023	Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .
2024	A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
2025	On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
2026	The film has several strong performances .
2027	I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .
2028	Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
2029	The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
2030	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
2031	A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
2032	An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
2033	A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
2034	Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
2035	Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
2036	The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
2037	Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
2038	It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
2039	Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .
2040	Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .
2041	Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
2042	Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
2043	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
2044	The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
2045	What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
2046	Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
2047	Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
2048	As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
2049	An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
2050	This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
2051	This beautifully animated epic is never dull .
2052	Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
2053	It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
2054	A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
2055	Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
2056	What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
2057	But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
2058	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
2059	A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
2060	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
2061	Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
2062	Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
2063	A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
2064	Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
2065	The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .
2066	Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
2067	Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
2068	The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
2069	A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
2070	The performances are remarkable .
2071	It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
2072	As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
2073	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
2074	While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
2075	Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
2076	A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
2077	Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
2078	The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
2079	Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
2080	An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
2081	Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
2082	Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
2083	The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
2084	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
2085	The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
2086	The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
2087	A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .
2088	is one of this year 's very best pictures .
2089	What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
2090	Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
2091	Even the digressions are funny .
2092	Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
2093	And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
2094	Melodrama with a message .
2095	A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
2096	Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
2097	At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
2098	Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
2099	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
2100	Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
2101	A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
2102	Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
2103	Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
2104	... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
2105	A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
2106	Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
2107	Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
2108	Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
2109	It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .
2110	This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
2111	There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
2112	The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
2113	A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
2114	This story still seems timely and important .
2115	And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
2116	The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
2117	The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
2118	This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
2119	There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
2120	With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
2121	But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
2122	Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
2123	`` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
2124	By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
2125	The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
2126	Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
2127	This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .
2128	A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
2129	As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
2130	Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
2131	A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
2132	For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
2133	By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
2134	One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .
2135	-LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
2136	An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
2137	This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
2138	Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
2139	The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
2140	Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
2141	Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
2142	A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
2143	The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
2144	If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
2145	Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
2146	Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
2147	A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
2148	An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
2149	While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
2150	A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
2151	E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
2152	Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .
2153	A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
2154	The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
2155	Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
2156	It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
2157	Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
2158	It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
2159	A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
2160	Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .
2161	But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
2162	A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
2163	Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
2164	This is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . ''
2165	Sweet and memorable film .
2166	A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
2167	Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
2168	... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
2169	Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
2170	` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
2171	Cynics need not apply . '
2172	Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
2173	`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
2174	An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
2175	But it is entertaining on an inferior level .
2176	It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
2177	Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .
2178	Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
2179	As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
2180	On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
2181	As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
2182	A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States .
2183	Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
2184	Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
2185	A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
2186	A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
2187	Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
2188	... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
2189	An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .
2190	A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
2191	The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
2192	It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
2193	Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .
2194	A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
2195	It 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost .
2196	Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
2197	A three-hour cinema master class .
2198	Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
2199	A witty , whimsical feature debut .
2200	Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
2201	I loved this film .
2202	It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .
2203	Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
2204	A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
2205	Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
2206	Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
2207	Go .
2208	Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
2209	Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .
2210	By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
2211	One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
2212	While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
2213	A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
2214	Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
2215	An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...
2216	Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
2217	There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
2218	Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
2219	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
2220	Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .
2221	The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
2222	I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .
2223	Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .
2224	That Storytelling has value can not be denied .
2225	Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
2226	Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
2227	A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .
2228	A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
2229	The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
2230	In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
2231	As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
2232	Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
2233	Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
2234	The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
2235	It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
2236	A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
2237	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
2238	The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
2239	Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
2240	It is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
2241	A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
2242	A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
2243	I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
2244	A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
2245	Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
2246	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
2247	A quiet , disquieting triumph .
2248	Darkly funny and frequently insightful .
2249	... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
2250	If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
2251	There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
2252	The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
2253	A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
2254	At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
2255	A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
2256	Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
2257	That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
2258	Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
2259	The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
2260	Norton holds the film together .
2261	-LRB- There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
2262	You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
2263	A creaky staircase gothic .
2264	Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
2265	A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
2266	Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
2267	A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .
2268	Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
2269	Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .
2270	Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
2271	Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
2272	It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
2273	Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
2274	An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
2275	A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
2276	Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
2277	Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
2278	A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
2279	It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
2280	... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
2281	The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
2282	It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
2283	This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
2284	What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
2285	It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
2286	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
2287	Though not for everyone , The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
2288	A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
2289	You really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
2290	It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
2291	Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
2292	The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
2293	Sometimes shorter is better .
2294	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .
2295	The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
2296	As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
2297	The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
2298	Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
2299	Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .
2300	A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
2301	Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
2302	Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
2303	Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
2304	Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
2305	If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .
2306	Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
2307	The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
2308	The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
2309	Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
2310	The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
2311	Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
2312	... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?
2313	You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
2314	The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .
2315	Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
2316	Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
2317	Surprisingly powerful and universal .
2318	Apart from its own considerable achievement , Metropolis confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
2319	I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .
2320	Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
2321	Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
2322	A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
2323	It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
2324	This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
2325	it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
2326	Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
2327	There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
2328	An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
2329	Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
2330	It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .
2331	Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
2332	Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
2333	Pray has really done his subject justice .
2334	An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
2335	Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
2336	A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
2337	Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .
2338	- West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
2339	Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
2340	Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
2341	Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .
2342	But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
2343	Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
2344	A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
2345	Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
2346	What results is the best performance from either in years .
2347	The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .
2348	Béart and Berling are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .
2349	All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .
2350	Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
2351	Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
2352	But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
2353	Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
2354	Ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
2355	... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
2356	I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .
2357	Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .
2358	The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .
2359	The Komediant is a tale worth catching .
2360	The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
2361	The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop
2362	Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
2363	Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
2364	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
2365	A taut , sobering film .
2366	Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
2367	It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
2368	The results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
2369	A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
2370	Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
2371	I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .
2372	You live the mood rather than savour the story .
2373	Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
2374	While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
2375	While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
2376	Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
2377	The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
2378	There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
2379	`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
2380	Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .
2381	Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
2382	There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
2383	Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
2384	But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
2385	Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
2386	Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
2387	While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
2388	Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
2389	This is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch .
2390	Amazing !
2391	A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
2392	The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
2393	A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .
2394	If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
2395	While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .
2396	A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
2397	There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
2398	A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
2399	It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
2400	A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
2401	One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
2402	An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
2403	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
2404	A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .
2405	Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
2406	Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
2407	The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
2408	For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
2409	All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
2410	Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
2411	It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
2412	The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .
2413	It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
2414	You just know something terrible is going to happen .
2415	But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
2416	It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
2417	Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
2418	An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
2419	A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
2420	Who knew ...
2421	It 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
2422	Gently humorous and touching .
2423	It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .
2424	Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
2425	The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
2426	... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
2427	The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
2428	Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .
2429	A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
2430	You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
2431	There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
2432	That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
2433	A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
2434	After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
2435	In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
2436	Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .
2437	Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
2438	Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .
2439	A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
2440	Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
2441	Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2442	Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
2443	For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
2444	A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
2445	Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
2446	Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
2447	A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
2448	Makes one thing abundantly clear .
2449	American musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
2450	Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
2451	If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
2452	In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
2453	Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
2454	The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.
2455	It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
2456	A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
2457	It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
2458	At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
2459	A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
2460	Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
2461	The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
2462	Dogtown and Z-Boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''
2463	... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
2464	It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
2465	Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
2466	-LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
2467	These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
2468	A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
2469	It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
2470	The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
2471	This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
2472	A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
2473	Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .
2474	He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
2475	Twist open the Ouzo !
2476	It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .
2477	A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
2478	Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
2479	Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
2480	While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
2481	Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
2482	If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
2483	It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
2484	The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
2485	Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
2486	... a solid , well-formed satire .
2487	As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
2488	Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
2489	Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
2490	The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
2491	Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
2492	Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
2493	Thanks to The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
2494	Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
2495	Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
2496	The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .
2497	It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
2498	An awfully good , achingly human picture .
2499	The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
2500	You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .
2501	Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
2502	The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
2503	A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
2504	Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
2505	Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
2506	Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
2507	Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
2508	When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
2509	Very well-written and very well-acted .
2510	A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
2511	You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
2512	It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .
2513	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
2514	Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century America .
2515	Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
2516	... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
2517	It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
2518	Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
2519	Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
2520	Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
2521	A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
2522	As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
2523	The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
2524	It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
2525	The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film .
2526	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
2527	A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
2528	Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
2529	Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
2530	The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
2531	With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
2532	Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
2533	Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
2534	-LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way .
2535	Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker .
2536	Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
2537	It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
2538	A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
2539	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
2540	A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
2541	The film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
2542	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
2543	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '
2544	... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
2545	A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .
2546	A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .
2547	Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
2548	With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
2549	A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
2550	This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
2551	For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
2552	A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
2553	It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
2554	Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
2555	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
2556	Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
2557	Parts seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
2558	` Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
2559	A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
2560	An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
2561	The Ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment .
2562	The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .
2563	Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .
2564	Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
2565	A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
2566	Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
2567	One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
2568	After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
2569	The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
2570	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .
2571	An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
2572	Enticing and often funny documentary .
2573	Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
2574	A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
2575	Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
2576	Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .
2577	At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
2578	Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
2579	Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
2580	What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
2581	Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
2582	Bring tissues .
2583	A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
2584	`` Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
2585	Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
2586	Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
2587	It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
2588	Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
2589	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
2590	I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
2591	A classy , sprightly spin on film .
2592	fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
2593	A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
2594	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
2595	Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .
2596	A moving , if uneven , success .
2597	With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
2598	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
2599	There 's plenty to impress about E.T.
2600	A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
2601	Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
2602	-LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .
2603	Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
2604	A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
2605	Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
2606	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
2607	The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
2608	An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
2609	A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
2610	Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
2611	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
2612	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
2613	From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
2614	Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
2615	A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
2616	At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
2617	Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
2618	If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
2619	Otherwise , maybe .
2620	As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
2621	Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
2622	Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
2623	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .
2624	Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
2625	A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
2626	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
2627	Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
2628	Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
2629	While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
2630	If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
2631	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
2632	Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
2633	-LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
2634	A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
2635	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .
2636	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
2637	Worth a look as a curiosity .
2638	You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
2639	Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
2640	Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .
2641	Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
2642	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
2643	For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
2644	If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
2645	Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
2646	The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .
2647	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
2648	The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
2649	It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
2650	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .
2651	There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
2652	The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .
2653	Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
2654	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
2655	The movie is brilliant , really .
2656	It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
2657	It 's stylishly directed with verve ...
2658	Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .
2659	Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .
2660	A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .
2661	See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
2662	Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .
2663	An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
2664	Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
2665	It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
2666	It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
2667	In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
2668	Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
2669	Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
2670	Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
2671	... a light , yet engrossing piece .
2672	Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
2673	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
2674	Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .
2675	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
2676	Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
2677	Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
2678	K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
2679	It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
2680	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
2681	A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
2682	Visually striking and viscerally repellent .
2683	Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
2684	Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
2685	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
2686	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
2687	Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
2688	The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
2689	Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
2690	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
2691	A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
2692	Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
2693	Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
2694	A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
2695	Slight but enjoyable documentary .
2696	` The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
2697	Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
2698	Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
2699	A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
2700	The heat of the moment prevails .
2701	It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
2702	A riveting story well told .
2703	Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .
2704	A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
2705	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
2706	Pretty good little movie .
2707	By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
2708	If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
2709	Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
2710	-LRB- The digital effects -RRB- reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
2711	An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
2712	Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
2713	The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
2714	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
2715	It 's a masterpeice .
2716	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
2717	Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
2718	A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
2719	Yes , it 's as good as you remember .
2720	In fact , even better .
2721	Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
2722	An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
2723	This is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
2724	A stirring road movie .
2725	One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
2726	Insanely hilarious !
2727	I have n't laughed that hard in years !
2728	Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
2729	These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
2730	It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
2731	It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
2732	-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
2733	If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
2734	This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
2735	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .
2736	See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
2737	... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
2738	Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment
2739	But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
2740	Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
2741	Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
2742	A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
2743	A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
2744	An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
2745	Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
2746	While Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
2747	... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
2748	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
2749	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
2750	In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
2751	The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
2752	It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
2753	Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
2754	A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
2755	Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
2756	It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .
2757	There are moments of hilarity to be had .
2758	A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
2759	-LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
2760	One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
2761	Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
2762	Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
2763	Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .
2764	Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
2765	Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
2766	A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
2767	A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
2768	Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .
2769	Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
2770	This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
2771	The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .
2772	But it does have one saving grace .
2773	A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
2774	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
2775	At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
2776	Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
2777	The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
2778	-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
2779	Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
2780	Acting can not be acted .
2781	Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
2782	A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
2783	It 's a cool event for the whole family .
2784	Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
2785	The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
2786	A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
2787	Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
2788	A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
2789	I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
2790	But I do .
2791	A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .
2792	Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
2793	Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
2794	The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .
2795	Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
2796	With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
2797	The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
2798	Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
2799	Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
2800	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
2801	A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
2802	This is a superior horror flick .
2803	Adaptation is simply brilliant .
2804	Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
2805	The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
2806	We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
2807	A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
2808	I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
2809	Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
2810	It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
2811	One of the best rock documentaries ever .
2812	Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
2813	Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
2814	Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
2815	Ah , what the hell .
2816	-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
2817	A portrait of an artist .
2818	Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
2819	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
2820	A tremendous piece of work .
2821	A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
2822	While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
2823	LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
2824	Something for everyone .
2825	Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
2826	There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
2827	Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
2828	Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
2829	` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
2830	A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
2831	It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
2832	It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
2833	Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
2834	Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
2835	Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
2836	In a word : No. .
2837	Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
2838	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
2839	There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
2840	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .
2841	-LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
2842	A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
2843	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
2844	Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
2845	Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
2846	Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
2847	The performances are uniformly good .
2848	She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
2849	It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
2850	For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
2851	The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .
2852	This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
2853	It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
2854	A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
2855	Has its share of arresting images .
2856	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
2857	Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
2858	A smart little indie .
2859	Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
2860	Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
2861	A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .
2862	Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
2863	Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
2864	I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
2865	The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
2866	With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB- , -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
2867	It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
2868	Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .
2869	If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
2870	Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
2871	While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
2872	Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
2873	Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
2874	A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .
2875	The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
2876	Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
2877	A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
2878	Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
2879	As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
2880	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
2881	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
2882	Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
2883	It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .
2884	Why ?
2885	Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
2886	-LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
2887	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
2888	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
2889	After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
2890	A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
2891	This is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
2892	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
2893	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
2894	Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
2895	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
2896	The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
2897	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
2898	Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
2899	Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
2900	A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
2901	Grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
2902	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
2903	The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
2904	Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
2905	... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
2906	Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
2907	Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
2908	Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
2909	Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
2910	-LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
2911	But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
2912	The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
2913	In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
2914	His work with actors is particularly impressive .
2915	A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
2916	Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
2917	Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
2918	Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
2919	Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
2920	Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
2921	Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
2922	Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
2923	... gripping and handsome execution , -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
2924	Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
2925	The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
2926	Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
2927	Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably Herzog .
2928	Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
2929	Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
2930	Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .
2931	The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
2932	But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
2933	This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
2934	-LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
2935	It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
2936	While not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
2937	An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .
2938	Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
2939	Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
2940	Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
2941	It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
2942	A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
2943	In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
2944	Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
2945	The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
2946	The film is full of charm .
2947	The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
2948	If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .
2949	One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
2950	... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
2951	He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
2952	The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
2953	It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
2954	Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
2955	This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
2956	Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
2957	It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
2958	A slight but sweet film .
2959	Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
2960	It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
2961	This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
2962	Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
2963	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
2964	Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
2965	Chances are you wo n't , either .
2966	George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
2967	Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
2968	An extraordinary dramatic experience .
2969	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
2970	That , in itself , is extraordinary .
2971	If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .
2972	It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
2973	All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
2974	Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
2975	It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
2976	Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
2977	It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
2978	Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
2979	The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
2980	The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
2981	If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
2982	Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
2983	Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
2984	This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
2985	I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
2986	Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
2987	Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
2988	This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
2989	Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show .
2990	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
2991	While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
2992	Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
2993	Eric Byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
2994	Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
2995	When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
2996	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
2997	Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
2998	This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
2999	The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
3000	Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .
3001	Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
3002	The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
3003	On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
3004	An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
3005	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
3006	A beautifully observed character piece .
3007	A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
3008	It is quite a vision .
3009	There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
3010	A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
3011	A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
3012	Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
3013	Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
3014	As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .
3015	An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
3016	Strange and beautiful film .
3017	No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .
3018	Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
3019	... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
3020	... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
3021	Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
3022	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
3023	Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
3024	Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .
3025	A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
3026	At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
3027	May seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
3028	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
3029	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
3030	Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
3031	It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
3032	It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
3033	You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
3034	And it is .
3035	Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
3036	She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
3037	Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
3038	A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .
3039	Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
3040	Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
3041	Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
3042	If this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
3043	The climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
3044	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
3045	All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
3046	If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
3047	A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
3048	Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
3049	That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...
3050	Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .
3051	She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
3052	A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
3053	Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
3054	A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors .
3055	It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
3056	... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
3057	The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
3058	Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
3059	He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
3060	What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
3061	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
3062	With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
3063	In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
3064	The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
3065	Will you go ape over this movie ?
3066	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
3067	Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
3068	Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
3069	The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
3070	This movie is to be cherished .
3071	... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
3072	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
3073	P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
3074	Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
3075	This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
3076	It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
3077	This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
3078	Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
3079	The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
3080	Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
3081	Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
3082	There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
3083	The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
3084	This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
3085	Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
3086	A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
3087	Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
3088	A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
3089	Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
3090	Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
3091	Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
3092	Got a David Lynch jones ?
3093	Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
3094	Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
3095	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
3096	It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .
3097	Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .
3098	One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
3099	Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
3100	An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
3101	The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
3102	Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
3103	` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
3104	You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
3105	A chick flick for guys .
3106	It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
3107	But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
3108	The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
3109	As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .
3110	In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
3111	Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
3112	A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
3113	It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
3114	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
3115	It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
3116	What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
3117	Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
3118	An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
3119	A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
3120	The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
3121	A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
3122	So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
3123	Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
3124	Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
3125	... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
3126	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .
3127	A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
3128	Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
3129	Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
3130	Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
3131	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
3132	Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
3133	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
3134	A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
3135	About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
3136	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
3137	The film is a fierce dance of destruction .
3138	Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
3139	May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
3140	... manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal .
3141	You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
3142	Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
3143	Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer
3144	A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .
3145	Exhilarating but blatantly biased .
3146	Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
3147	It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
3148	Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
3149	... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
3150	Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
3151	Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
3152	It 's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .
3153	A very capable nailbiter .
3154	Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
3155	`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
3156	It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
3157	You do n't want to call the cops .
3158	You want to call Domino 's .
3159	What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
3160	The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
3161	Secretary is just too original to be ignored .
3162	That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
3163	Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
3164	This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
3165	And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
3166	Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
3167	Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .
3168	B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .
3169	This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
3170	In fact , it 's quite fun in places .
3171	With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin , the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
3172	A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
3173	The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .
3174	Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
3175	While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
3176	It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
3177	The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
3178	A tone poem of transgression .
3179	Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata did it better .
3180	Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
3181	Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
3182	This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .
3183	Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
3184	There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
3185	Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
3186	The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
3187	Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
3188	The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
3189	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
3190	It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
3191	Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
3192	A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
3193	A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
3194	-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .
3195	Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
3196	This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
3197	The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
3198	Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .
3199	The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
3200	A flawed but engrossing thriller .
3201	Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
3202	Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
3203	The success of Undercover Brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
3204	This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
3205	Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
3206	What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
3207	Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
3208	Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
3209	The film grows on you .
3210	And how .
3211	One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
3212	Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
3213	As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
3214	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
3215	The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
3216	Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .
3217	My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .
3218	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
3219	Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
3220	Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
3221	A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
3222	... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
3223	If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .
3224	This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
3225	I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
3226	While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
3227	An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
3228	The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
3229	It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
3230	It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
3231	It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
3232	`` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
3233	Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
3234	I like this movie a lot .
3235	I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
3236	... the implication is Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive .
3237	` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
3238	Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
3239	I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
3240	What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3241	Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .
3242	For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
3243	What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
3244	A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
3245	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
3246	The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .
3247	The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
3248	A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
3249	Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
3250	Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
3251	A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
3252	Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
3253	Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
3254	It does give you a peek .
3255	The main problem being that it 's only a peek .
3256	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .
3257	A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
3258	Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
3259	Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
3260	Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
3261	Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
3262	The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
3263	The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
3264	This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
3265	An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .
3266	Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
3267	Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
3268	At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
3269	The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
3270	With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
3271	Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
3272	A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
3273	It 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
3274	has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
3275	A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .
3276	A chilling movie without oppressive gore .
3277	A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
3278	If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .
3279	Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
3280	The Ring never lets you off the hook .
3281	Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
3282	At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
3283	If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
3284	Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
3285	It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
3286	It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
3287	The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
3288	This is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
3289	Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .
3290	It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
3291	A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
3292	The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
3293	Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
3294	One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .
3295	Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
3296	About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
3297	Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
3298	Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .
3299	Every child 's story is what matters .
3300	This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
3301	A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
3302	Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .
3303	Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
3304	One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
3305	While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
3306	Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
3307	A charmer from Belgium .
3308	A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
3309	Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
3310	Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
3311	With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
3312	It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
3313	It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
3314	Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
3315	-LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
3316	-LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
3317	The ingenious construction -LRB- adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
3318	Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
3319	The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
3320	It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
3321	It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
3322	While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
3323	Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
3324	Aside from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
3325	What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
3326	... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
3327	You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
3328	Films are made of little moments .
3329	Changing Lanes tries for more .
3330	It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
3331	When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
3332	The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
3333	Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
3334	A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .
3335	-LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
3336	Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
3337	At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
3338	The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .
3339	10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
3340	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
3341	Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
3342	Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
3343	As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
3344	The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
3345	Cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
3346	With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
3347	With Freeman and Judd , I 'll at least remember their characters .
3348	As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
3349	The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
3350	Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
3351	A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
3352	The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
3353	A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
3354	Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
3355	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
3356	I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
3357	It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
3358	Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
3359	Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
3360	borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
3361	Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
3362	Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
3363	If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
3364	Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
3365	Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
3366	`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
3367	If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
3368	If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
3369	This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
3370	The movie is a trove of delights .
3371	Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
3372	In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
3373	While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
3374	Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?
3375	Who cares ? -RRB- .
3376	An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film ...
3377	Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
3378	Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
3379	Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
3380	Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .
3381	For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
3382	As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
3383	This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
3384	Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
3385	You 'll end up moved .
3386	If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
3387	The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
3388	I loved the look of this film .
3389	Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
3390	Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
3391	13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .
3392	The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
3393	Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
3394	Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
3395	Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain .
3396	-LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .
3397	It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
3398	At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
3399	As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
3400	Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .
3401	`` The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
3402	Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
3403	An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
3404	It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter .
3405	Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
3406	As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
3407	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
3408	On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
3409	It 's never dull and always looks good .
3410	The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
3411	As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
3412	With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
3413	All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
3414	The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
3415	With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
3416	One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
3417	One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
3418	None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .
3419	A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
3420	A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
3421	Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
3422	Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
3423	It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
3424	Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
3425	A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
3426	A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
3427	A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
3428	... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
3429	It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
3430	captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
3431	The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
3432	An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .
3433	Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
3434	It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
3435	It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
3436	Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
3437	A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
3438	With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
3439	Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
3440	The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
3441	A smart , compelling drama .
3442	A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
3443	I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .
3444	... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
3445	Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
3446	It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
3447	Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
3448	As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
3449	Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
3450	Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez .
3451	It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .
3452	I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
3453	A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
3454	Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
3455	If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
3456	An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
3457	A pleasing , often-funny comedy .
3458	-LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
3459	All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
3460	An Asian neo-realist treasure .
3461	Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
3462	It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
3463	... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
3464	I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
3465	A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
3466	An original little film about one young woman 's education .
3467	The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .
3468	And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
3469	One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
3470	An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
3471	Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
3472	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
3473	Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
3474	It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
3475	A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
3476	It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
3477	Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
3478	The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
3479	Heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
3480	Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
3481	Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
3482	`` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
3483	Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
3484	The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
3485	Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
3486	... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
3487	Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
3488	While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
3489	Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
3490	As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
3491	Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
3492	You may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
3493	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
3494	But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one .
3495	At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .
3496	It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
3497	What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .
3498	Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
3499	What 's left is a rich stew of longing .
3500	It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
3501	More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
3502	Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
3503	Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
3504	The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
3505	A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
3506	Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
3507	Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
3508	Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
3509	A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
3510	This is SO De Palma .
3511	If you love him , you 'll like it .
3512	If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
3513	Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
3514	The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
3515	Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
3516	The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
3517	Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
3518	It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
3519	Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
3520	It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
3521	A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
3522	An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .
3523	Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
3524	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .
3525	Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
3526	You could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long .
3527	You could hate it for the same reason .
3528	With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
3529	` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
3530	Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
3531	At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
3532	Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
3533	But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
3534	There is greatness here .
3535	Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
3536	Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
3537	If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
3538	Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
3539	`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
3540	Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
3541	Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
3542	Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
3543	In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
3544	She may not be real , but the laughs are .
3545	A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
3546	OK arthouse .
3547	The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .
3548	The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
3549	About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
3550	If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
3551	The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
3552	Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
3553	Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
3554	Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
3555	For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
3556	An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
3557	Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
3558	The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
3559	This is one of the year 's best films .
3560	A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
3561	Sorvino is delightful in the central role .
3562	She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
3563	It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
3564	The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
3565	Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
3566	`` Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
3567	It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
3568	But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
3569	Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
3570	This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
3571	In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
3572	There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
3573	A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
3574	There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
3575	I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
3576	Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
3577	Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
3578	A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
3579	A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
3580	Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
3581	It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
3582	For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
3583	This is not an easy film .
3584	But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
3585	A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
3586	... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
3587	It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
3588	Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
3589	Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
3590	One of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
3591	One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
3592	the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
3593	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
3594	The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
3595	Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
3596	So could young romantics out on a date .
3597	All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
3598	The members manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .
3599	It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
3600	While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
3601	Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
3602	A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
3603	By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .
3604	Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
3605	A charming but slight comedy .
3606	Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
3607	A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
3608	Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .
3609	A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
3610	An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
3611	Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
3612	Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
3613	The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
3614	Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
3615	We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
3616	Secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
3617	It is a movie about passion .
3618	Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
3619	Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
3620	What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
3621	A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
3622	The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
3623	Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
3624	It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
3625	Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
3626	But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
3627	It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
3628	Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
3629	A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
3630	The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
3631	It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
3632	Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
3633	It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
3634	The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
3635	Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
3636	This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
3637	With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
3638	Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
3639	It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
3640	Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
3641	Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
3642	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .
3643	Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
3644	The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
3645	Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
3646	Jackson is always watchable .
3647	To the degree that ivans xtc .
3648	works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
3649	A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
3650	Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
3651	Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
3652	A. . .
3653	cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
3654	The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
3655	Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
3656	A dazzling dream of a documentary .
3657	A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
3658	Brave and sweetly rendered love story .
3659	The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
3660	A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
3661	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
3662	If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
3663	The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
3664	Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
3665	There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
3666	` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
3667	Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
3668	Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
3669	What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
3670	Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
3671	One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
3672	The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
3673	And Vin Diesel is the man .
3674	Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
3675	An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
3676	Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
3677	The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
3678	Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
3679	Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
3680	Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
3681	Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
3682	... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
3683	Is truth stranger than fiction ?
3684	In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
3685	For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
3686	Prepare to marvel again .
3687	A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
3688	More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .
3689	If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .
3690	Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
3691	Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
3692	Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
3693	Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
3694	In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
3695	Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
3696	Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
3697	C'mon !
3698	This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
3699	Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
3700	A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
3701	It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
3702	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
3703	It must be in the genes .
3704	The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
3705	This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .
3706	Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
3707	Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
3708	The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
3709	Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
3710	It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
3711	Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
3712	It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
3713	Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
3714	For 95 often hilarious minutes , -LRB- Cho -RRB- riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
3715	Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .
3716	Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
3717	Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
3718	Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
3719	-LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
3720	A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
3721	Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
3722	Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
3723	Hardly a film that comes along every day .
3724	A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
3725	The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .
3726	A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
3727	the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
3728	More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
3729	For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
3730	If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
3731	It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
3732	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
3733	It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
3734	Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
3735	Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
3736	A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
3737	The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
3738	A winning and wildly fascinating work .
3739	We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
3740	Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
3741	The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
3742	An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
3743	A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
3744	I love the robust middle of this picture .
3745	The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
3746	Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
3747	There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
3748	Paul Cox needed to show it .
3749	It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
3750	If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
3751	If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .
3752	There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
3753	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
3754	An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
3755	Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .
3756	The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .
3757	Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
3758	... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
3759	Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
3760	This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
3761	As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
3762	It is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
3763	Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
3764	A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
3765	It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .
3766	Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
3767	As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
3768	There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .
3769	Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
3770	A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
3771	Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
3772	Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
3773	An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
3774	Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .
3775	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
3776	Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
3777	Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
3778	The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
3779	More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...
3780	What I saw , I enjoyed .
3781	The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
3782	A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
3783	Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
3784	Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
3785	A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
3786	Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
3787	For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
3788	Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
3789	It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
3790	It 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
3791	If only it had the story to match .
3792	Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
3793	... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
3794	The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
3795	It 's quite diverting nonsense .
3796	An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
3797	For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
3798	What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
3799	Renner ?
3800	s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
3801	See it for his performance if nothing else .
3802	... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
3803	It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
3804	Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
3805	Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
3806	A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .
3807	It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
3808	An elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
3809	Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
3810	While this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
3811	As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
3812	Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
3813	You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
3814	Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
3815	Meant for Star Wars fans .
3816	It is there to give them a good time .
3817	From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
3818	Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
3819	Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
3820	Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
3821	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
3822	It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .
3823	I like it .
3824	There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
3825	That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
3826	That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
3827	It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
3828	A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
3829	The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
3830	Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
3831	The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
3832	Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
3833	Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
3834	The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
3835	An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
3836	Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
3837	Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
3838	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
3839	Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
3840	Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .
3841	The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
3842	Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
3843	Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
3844	-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .
3845	It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
3846	Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
3847	A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
3848	How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
3849	Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
3850	Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
3851	To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
3852	One of the best movies of the year .
3853	The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .
3854	A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
3855	Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
3856	Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net .
3857	-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .
3858	The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
3859	At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
3860	journalism of the 1960s .
3861	A modestly surprising movie .
3862	A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
3863	There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
3864	The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .
3865	Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
3866	-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
3867	The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
3868	A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
3869	Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .
3870	Leigh makes these lives count .
3871	And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
3872	A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
3873	Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
3874	What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
3875	If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
3876	Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
3877	Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
3878	Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
3879	A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
3880	-LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
3881	An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
3882	Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
3883	Vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women .
3884	The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
3885	The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
3886	Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
3887	When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
3888	A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
3889	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
3890	A well-put-together piece of urban satire .
3891	It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
3892	It will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
3893	What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
3894	What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
3895	A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
3896	It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
3897	It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
3898	A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
3899	The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
3900	-LRB- Raimi 's -RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see .
3901	A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
3902	A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
3903	What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
3904	The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
3905	The gags are often a stitch .
3906	The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
3907	A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .
3908	One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
3909	Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .
3910	This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
3911	Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
3912	... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
3913	Much of The Lady and the Duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
3914	Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
3915	With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
3916	Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
3917	Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
3918	Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
3919	Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
3920	A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
3921	Pipe Dream does have its charms .
3922	The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
3923	Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .
3924	... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
3925	Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
3926	Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
3927	To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
3928	Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
3929	Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
3930	The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .
3931	From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
3932	Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
3933	It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
3934	The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
3935	Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
3936	This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
3937	Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB- served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .
3938	In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
3939	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
3940	A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .
3941	Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
3942	A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .
3943	It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
3944	While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
3945	Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
3946	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
3947	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
3948	Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
3949	A French film with a more down-home flavor .
3950	Depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
3951	While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
3952	There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
3953	Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
3954	As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
3955	Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
3956	Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
3957	The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
3958	The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
3959	It trusts the story it sets out to tell .
3960	I could n't recommend this film more .
3961	As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
3962	An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
3963	Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
3964	... an interesting slice of history .
3965	Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
3966	Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
3967	It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
3968	What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
3969	Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
3970	Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
3971	A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
3972	An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
3973	Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
3974	Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
3975	Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
3976	-LRB- A -RRB- smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
3977	Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
3978	Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
3979	An excellent sequel .
3980	Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
3981	Just how these families interact may surprise you .
3982	Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .
3983	A surprisingly funny movie .
3984	This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
3985	Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
3986	If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
3987	... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
3988	-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .
3989	Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
3990	A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
3991	A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
3992	Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
3993	I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
3994	More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
3995	The movie is ingenious fun .
3996	See it .
3997	The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
3998	The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
3999	An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
4000	Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
4001	Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
4002	This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
4003	This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
4004	Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
4005	A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
4006	It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
4007	The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
4008	The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
4009	Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
4010	A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
4011	The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
4012	The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
4013	They just do n't work in concert .
4014	For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
4015	A lovely film for the holiday season .
4016	It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?
4017	A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
4018	It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
4019	At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
4020	The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
4021	Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
4022	This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
4023	Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
4024	A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
4025	Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
4026	The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
4027	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
4028	A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
4029	The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .
4030	And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
4031	Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
4032	This is a very funny , heartwarming film .
4033	It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
4034	Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
4035	The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
4036	A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
4037	There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
4038	Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .
4039	Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
4040	A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
4041	An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
4042	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
4043	It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
4044	Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
4045	Noyce has worked wonders with the material .
4046	It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
4047	And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
4048	The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
4049	A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
4050	There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
4051	Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
4052	A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
4053	Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
4054	If you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
4055	If you do n't laugh , flee .
4056	Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
4057	Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
4058	The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
4059	Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
4060	Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
4061	The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
4062	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
4063	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
4064	A weird and wonderful comedy .
4065	The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
4066	Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
4067	A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
4068	LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
4069	In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
4070	But they fascinate in their recklessness .
4071	Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .
4072	A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
4073	You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .
4074	A wonderful , ghastly film .
4075	Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
4076	Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
4077	` Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
4078	Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
4079	He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
4080	His scenes are short and often unexpected .
4081	It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
4082	Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
4083	Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
4084	Uneven but a lot of fun .
4085	I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
4086	The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
4087	Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
4088	Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
4089	If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
4090	Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .
4091	This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
4092	The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
4093	Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
4094	The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
4095	Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
4096	It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
4097	A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
4098	It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
4099	There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
4100	Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
4101	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .
4102	Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
4103	This is pure , exciting moviemaking .
4104	You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
4105	The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
4106	Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
4107	Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
4108	A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
4109	The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
4110	Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
4111	The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
4112	It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
4113	Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .
4114	The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
4115	Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
4116	Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
4117	Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
4118	It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
4119	Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
4120	There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .
4121	But here 's a glimpse at his life .
4122	Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
4123	A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
4124	Sparse but oddly compelling .
4125	A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
4126	The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
4127	A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
4128	Argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
4129	With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
4130	Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
4131	Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
4132	`` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 .
4133	That 's its first sign of trouble .
4134	A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .
4135	Be patient with the lovely Hush !
4136	and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
4137	The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
4138	Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
4139	The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
4140	Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
4141	By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
4142	The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
4143	A tasty slice of droll whimsy .
4144	Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
4145	Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
4146	Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .
4147	Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
4148	Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
4149	The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
4150	But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
4151	The all-French cast is marveilleux .
4152	There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .
4153	A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...
4154	Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
4155	Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
4156	The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
4157	Nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
4158	A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
4159	It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
4160	... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
4161	The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
4162	Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
4163	The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
4164	If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
4165	A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .
4166	Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
4167	A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
4168	Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
4169	The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
4170	A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
4171	A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .
4172	Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .
4173	In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
4174	An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
4175	It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
4176	The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
4177	This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
4178	It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
4179	A moving and important film .
4180	Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
4181	Famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
4182	Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
4183	Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
4184	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
4185	A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
4186	Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .
4187	A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
4188	It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
4189	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
4190	Maryam is more timely now than ever .
4191	An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
4192	Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
4193	What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
4194	This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
4195	The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
4196	A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
4197	Sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
4198	`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
4199	Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
4200	Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
4201	Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
4202	Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
4203	It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
4204	Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
4205	I simply ca n't recommend it enough .
4206	Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
4207	Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
4208	We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
4209	Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
4210	Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
4211	The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
4212	A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
4213	Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
4214	Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
4215	A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
4216	The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
4217	Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
4218	A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .
4219	Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
4220	A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
4221	Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
4222	Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
4223	Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
4224	The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .
4225	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
4226	Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
4227	Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
4228	An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
4229	Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
4230	Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
4231	That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
4232	There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .
4233	What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
4234	Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
4235	It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
4236	The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .
4237	Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
4238	... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
4239	It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
4240	Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
4241	Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .
4242	The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
4243	With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
4244	The observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
4245	Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
4246	Jarecki and Gibney do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
4247	The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
4248	Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
4249	A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
4250	Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
4251	300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
4252	Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
4253	May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
4254	Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .
4255	The film is one of the year 's best .
4256	Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
4257	... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
4258	Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
4259	Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
4260	Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
4261	This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
4262	-LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
4263	I have two words to say about Reign of Fire .
4264	Great dragons !
4265	By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
4266	A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
4267	Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
4268	The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
4269	I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
4270	A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
4271	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
4272	More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
4273	The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
4274	The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
4275	Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
4276	Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
4277	There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
4278	Coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
4279	It is a likable story , told with competence .
4280	Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
4281	Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
4282	A small movie with a big impact .
4283	The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
4284	I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
4285	Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
4286	a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
4287	It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
4288	Using an endearing cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
4289	When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
4290	It 's that good .
4291	Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .
4292	Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .
4293	Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
4294	Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
4295	While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
4296	Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
4297	We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
4298	Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
4299	A conventional but heartwarming tale .
4300	This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
4301	Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
4302	A film of quiet power .
4303	More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
4304	An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
4305	The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
4306	Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
4307	Film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
4308	O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
4309	It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .
4310	And for many of us , that 's good enough .
4311	Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
4312	Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
4313	Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
4314	It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
4315	While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
4316	The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
4317	The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
4318	Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
4319	More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
4320	This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
4321	Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
4322	... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
4323	That 's fun for kids of any age .
4324	Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
4325	Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
4326	Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
4327	Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
4328	... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
4329	Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
4330	All in all , a great party .
4331	A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
4332	`` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
4333	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .
4334	An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
4335	In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .
4336	Except it 's much , much better .
4337	Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
4338	Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
4339	What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
4340	The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
4341	Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
4342	I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
4343	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .
4344	A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
4345	This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
4346	Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .
4347	... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
4348	Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
4349	The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
4350	Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
4351	Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
4352	Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
4353	A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
4354	While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
4355	In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
4356	We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
4357	An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
4358	The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
4359	The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...
4360	This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
4361	This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
4362	The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .
4363	In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
4364	A very charming and funny movie .
4365	This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
4366	Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
4367	Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .
4368	The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
4369	While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
4370	Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .
4371	I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that .
4372	You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
4373	May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .
4374	A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
4375	The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
4376	Cold , nervy and memorable .
4377	Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .
4378	Spend your Benjamins on a matinee .
4379	All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
4380	Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .
4381	A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
4382	Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
4383	It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
4384	It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
4385	The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema .
4386	There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .
4387	Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
4388	It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
4389	A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
4390	What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
4391	What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
4392	Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?
4393	As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
4394	Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
4395	insightfully written , delicately performed
4396	Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
4397	Funny , though .
4398	This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
4399	One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
4400	A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
4401	An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
4402	Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
4403	Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
4404	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
4405	Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
4406	A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
4407	It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
4408	Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
4409	Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
4410	Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
4411	Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
4412	Bon appétit !
4413	Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
4414	The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .
4415	This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .
4416	Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
4417	Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
4418	A film that will enthrall the whole family .
4419	The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
4420	K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
4421	It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
4422	Like the best 60 Minutes exposé , the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
4423	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
4424	An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
4425	Nair does n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture .
4426	Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
4427	Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
4428	Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here .
4429	Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
4430	In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
4431	Like Mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season .
4432	Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
4433	What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
4434	Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
4435	Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
4436	What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
4437	A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
4438	The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
4439	But the actors make this worth a peek .
4440	Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
4441	It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
4442	Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .
4443	If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
4444	Drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
4445	Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
4446	Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
4447	Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .
4448	`` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''
4449	Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
4450	Especially give credit to Affleck .
4451	An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
4452	A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
4453	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
4454	What it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
4455	The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
4456	A gem of a movie .
4457	Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
4458	It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
4459	Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
4460	The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
4461	Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
4462	This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
4463	Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
4464	A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
4465	It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
4466	Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
4467	Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
4468	A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
4469	An unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
4470	If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
4471	Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
4472	It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
4473	An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
4474	A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
4475	Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
4476	Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '
4477	A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
4478	The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .
4479	A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
4480	One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
4481	A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .
4482	Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
4483	One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
4484	Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
4485	The film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
4486	I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
4487	Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
4488	More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
4489	For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
4490	A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
4491	A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
4492	Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
4493	Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
4494	When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .
4495	Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
4496	-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
4497	Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
4498	The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
4499	It 's definitely a step in the right direction .
4500	As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
4501	Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
4502	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
4503	A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .
4504	In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
4505	Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
4506	The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
4507	Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
4508	Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
4509	This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
4510	For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
4511	What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
4512	A hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic French nuance .
4513	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
4514	An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
4515	The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
4516	A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
4517	Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
4518	It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
4519	Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
4520	This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
4521	Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
4522	The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
4523	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
4524	Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
4525	The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
4526	The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .
4527	Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
4528	Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
4529	The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
4530	Merci pour le movie .
4531	For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
4532	What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
4533	All three women deliver remarkable performances .
4534	Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
4535	It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
4536	Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
4537	The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
4538	Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
4539	Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
4540	Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
4541	So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
4542	A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
4543	A gentle and engrossing character study .
4544	It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
4545	An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
4546	A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .
4547	Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
4548	-LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .
4549	A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
4550	The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
4551	Daring and beautifully made .
4552	Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .
4553	Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
4554	Merry friggin ' Christmas !
4555	The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
4556	Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
4557	Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .
4558	Ferrara 's best film in years .
4559	A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
4560	Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
4561	Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
4562	It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
4563	Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
4564	The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
4565	Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
4566	Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
4567	Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
4568	Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
4569	A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
4570	Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
4571	Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
4572	Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
4573	Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
4574	McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
4575	A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
4576	Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
4577	As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .
4578	But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
4579	The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
4580	Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
4581	Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
4582	A perceptive , good-natured movie .
4583	An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .
4584	A small movie with a big heart .
4585	Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
4586	The formula is familiar but enjoyable .
4587	Tells a fascinating , compelling story .
4588	A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
4589	What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
4590	The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
4591	Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
4592	Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
4593	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
4594	There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
4595	There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
4596	An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
4597	The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
4598	In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
4599	Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .
4600	classic cinema served up with heart and humor
4601	-LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
4602	The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
4603	Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
4604	That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
4605	Has a solid emotional impact .
4606	Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
4607	Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
4608	While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
4609	Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
4610	An enjoyable above average summer diversion .
4611	There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
4612	If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
4613	As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .
4614	Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
4615	Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
4616	Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
4617	Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
4618	The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
4619	... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
4620	A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .
4621	Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .
4622	But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
4623	Adam SANDLER !
4624	In an ART FILM !
4625	As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
4626	Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
4627	... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
4628	The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
4629	Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
4630	Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
4631	One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
4632	One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
4633	Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
4634	Gives everyone something to shout about .
4635	The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .
4636	-LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work .
4637	Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
4638	The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
4639	A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
4640	Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
4641	The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .
4642	Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
4643	The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
4644	A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
4645	The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
4646	An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
4647	It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
4648	An enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... The Château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
4649	Intriguing and downright intoxicating .
4650	An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
4651	With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
4652	... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
4653	Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
4654	The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
4655	Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
4656	Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
4657	Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
4658	Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
4659	Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
4660	His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
4661	If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
4662	An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
4663	The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
4664	Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
4665	About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson .
4666	Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
4667	As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
4668	The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
4669	It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
4670	It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
4671	If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
4672	... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
4673	Best indie of the year , so far .
4674	-LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
4675	... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
4676	Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
4677	In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
4678	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .
4679	Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
4680	If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
4681	This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
4682	Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
4683	Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
4684	ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
4685	A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
4686	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
4687	About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
4688	A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
4689	Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
4690	This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
4691	Even better than the first one !
4692	Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
4693	A must see for all sides of the political spectrum
4694	-LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
4695	There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
4696	Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
4697	Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
4698	It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
4699	Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
4700	This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
4701	It will break your heart many times over .
4702	A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
4703	Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .
4704	This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
4705	`` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
4706	Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
4707	The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
4708	Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
4709	The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
4710	Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
4711	The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
4712	The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .
4713	The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
4714	The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
4715	Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
4716	Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
4717	Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
4718	One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
4719	Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
4720	He 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
4721	`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
4722	And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
4723	If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .
4724	Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
4725	In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
4726	Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
4727	It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
4728	The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
4729	Y Tu Mamá También is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
4730	... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
4731	You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
4732	If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
4733	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
4734	Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
4735	A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
4736	Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .
4737	Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
4738	It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .
4739	All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
4740	The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .
4741	A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .
4742	The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
4743	A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
4744	A beautiful paean to a time long past .
4745	Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
4746	If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .
4747	With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
4748	Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
4749	This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
4750	A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .
4751	Splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
4752	A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
4753	She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
4754	To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
4755	Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
4756	A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
4757	It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
4758	Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
4759	Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
4760	A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .
4761	A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
4762	Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
4763	A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
4764	The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
4765	Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
4766	Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
4767	Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
4768	Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
4769	A very pretty after-school special .
4770	It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
4771	A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
4772	Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
4773	It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
4774	Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
4775	At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
4776	It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
4777	` Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
4778	Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
4779	He drags it back , single-handed .
4780	A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
4781	If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
4782	... -LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
4783	The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .
4784	Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
4785	He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
4786	At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .
4787	Gloriously straight from the vagina .
4788	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .
4789	The film oozes craft .
4790	Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
4791	Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
4792	A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
4793	It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .
4794	a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
4795	Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
4796	Recoing 's fantastic performance does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
4797	Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
4798	The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
4799	A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
4800	Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
4801	Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
4802	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
4803	while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
4804	Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
4805	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .
4806	It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
4807	A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
4808	It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
4809	A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .
4810	Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
4811	Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
4812	That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
4813	An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
4814	Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
4815	A behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth .
4816	A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
4817	A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
4818	In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
4819	Just like Igby .
4820	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
4821	Wise and deadpan humorous .
4822	God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
4823	If Signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
4824	Veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .
4825	Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
4826	You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
4827	It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
4828	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
4829	Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
4830	Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
4831	Not as good as the original , but what is ...
4832	Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
4833	-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
4834	Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
4835	a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
4836	Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
4837	The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
4838	What one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
4839	-LRB- It -RRB- has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
4840	Nothing too deep or substantial .
4841	Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
4842	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
4843	... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
4844	Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
4845	Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
4846	As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
4847	A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
4848	Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
4849	It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .
4850	But this is Lohman 's film .
4851	Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
4852	Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
4853	Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
4854	Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
4855	You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
4856	Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
4857	A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
4858	Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
4859	Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-
4860	, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
4861	The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .
4862	A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
4863	One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
4864	Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
4865	For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .
4866	Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
4867	One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
4868	What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
4869	But it 's worth the concentration .
4870	Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
4871	Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
4872	A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
4873	The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
4874	Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
4875	It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
4876	Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
4877	It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
4878	Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
4879	... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...
4880	If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X.
4881	This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
4882	The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
4883	The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
4884	... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .
4885	Just watch Bettany strut his stuff .
4886	You 'll know a star when you see one .
4887	Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
4888	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
4889	But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
4890	contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
4891	A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
4892	For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
4893	It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
4894	Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
4895	An ambitious and moving but bleak film .
4896	It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
4897	It 's sweet .
4898	It 's funny .
4899	It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
4900	And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
4901	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
4902	A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
4903	The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .
4904	`` Punch-Drunk Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
4905	... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
4906	The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
4907	Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
4908	Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
4909	While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
4910	The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
4911	A marvel of production design .
4912	The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
4913	Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
4914	Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .
4915	Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
4916	Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
4917	Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
4918	Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
4919	He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
4920	Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
4921	UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
4922	A lot smarter than your average Bond .
4923	... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
4924	Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
4925	Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
4926	So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
4927	I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .
4928	It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
4929	So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
4930	Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
4931	A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
4932	The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .
4933	It 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
4934	Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
4935	It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
4936	Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
4937	All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
4938	If the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
4939	Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
4940	A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
4941	May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
4942	A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
4943	Exhilarating , funny and fun .
4944	While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
4945	It 's worth taking the kids to .
4946	In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
4947	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
4948	The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
4949	Norton is magnetic as Graham .
4950	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
4951	It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .
4952	Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
4953	It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
4954	Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
4955	It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
4956	`` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
4957	A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .
4958	To some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
4959	To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
4960	At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''
4961	Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
4962	A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
4963	Berling and Béart ... continue to impress , and Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
4964	Uplifting , funny and wise .
4965	Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
4966	The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
4967	Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .
4968	A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .
4969	`` On Guard ! ''
4970	wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
4971	The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
4972	This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
4973	Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
4974	That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
4975	While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
4976	like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me
4977	... a solid , unassuming drama .
4978	A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .
4979	Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .
4980	The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
4981	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .
4982	My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
4983	In the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
4984	Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
4985	Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
4986	The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
4987	... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
4988	For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
4989	Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
4990	You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
4991	Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .
4992	There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .
4993	By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
4994	Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?
4995	Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
4996	-LRB- Cuarón has -RRB- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
4997	Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
4998	Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
4999	It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
5000	Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
5001	Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
5002	And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
5003	After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
5004	The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
5005	... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
5006	Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
5007	Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
5008	The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
5009	Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
5010	Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
5011	Anyone else seen this before ?
5012	Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
5013	Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
5014	Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
5015	A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
5016	This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
5017	Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
5018	A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .
5019	More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
5020	Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
5021	With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
5022	A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
5023	... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
5024	You have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
5025	As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
5026	Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
5027	The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
5028	-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
5029	Viva le Resistance !
5030	It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
5031	The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
5032	Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
5033	A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
5034	an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
5035	If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .
5036	If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
5037	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
5038	The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
5039	A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
5040	The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
5041	The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
5042	Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
5043	Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
5044	The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
5045	A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
5046	Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
5047	As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
5048	Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
5049	Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .
5050	So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
5051	It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
5052	A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
5053	Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
5054	Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
5055	The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .
5056	The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
5057	Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
5058	Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
5059	Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
5060	... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
5061	Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
5062	The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
5063	The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
5064	A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
5065	Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
5066	Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .
5067	MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
5068	The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
5069	But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
5070	I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
5071	The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
5072	An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
5073	Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
5074	It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
5075	One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
5076	This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
5077	Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .
5078	Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
5079	A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
5080	Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
5081	Buy popcorn .
5082	Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
5083	Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
5084	The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
5085	Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
5086	Vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
5087	Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
5088	But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
5089	Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
5090	`` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
5091	Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
5092	When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
5093	Both damning and damned compelling .
5094	Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
5095	You have to see it .
5096	Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
5097	What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
5098	Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
5099	A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
5100	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
5101	Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
5102	Consistently clever and suspenseful .
5103	It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
5104	The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
5105	Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
5106	Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
5107	Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
5108	A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
5109	Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
5110	Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .
5111	It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .
5112	Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
5113	... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
5114	At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
5115	Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
5116	A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
5117	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .
5118	As it turns out , you can go home again .
5119	You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
5120	This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
5121	Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
5122	Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
5123	The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .
5124	A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
5125	This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
5126	A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
5127	... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
5128	... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
5129	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .
5130	A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
5131	What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
5132	The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
5133	The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
5134	Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
5135	Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
5136	There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .
5137	But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
5138	Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
5139	One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
5140	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
5141	Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .
5142	It deserves to be seen everywhere .
5143	You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
5144	Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .
5145	Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
5146	A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
5147	The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
5148	If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
5149	Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
5150	... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .
5151	It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
5152	The film truly does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .
5153	It 's about time .
5154	Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
5155	Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
5156	-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
5157	A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
5158	Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
5159	The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
5160	It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
5161	As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
5162	Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
5163	Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
5164	While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
5165	By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
5166	An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
5167	Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .
5168	This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
5169	Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
5170	A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .
5171	For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
5172	An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
5173	The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
5174	Despite its faults , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
5175	Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .
5176	A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
5177	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
5178	In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
5179	Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
5180	Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
5181	It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
5182	Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
5183	An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
5184	Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .
5185	It 's always enthralling .
5186	In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel .
5187	A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .
5188	Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
5189	A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
5190	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
5191	Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
5192	A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
5193	This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
5194	-LRB- Grant -RRB- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
5195	A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
5196	About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
5197	Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
5198	An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
5199	Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
5200	Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
5201	A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
5202	Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
5203	The closest thing to the experience of space travel
5204	Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
5205	If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
5206	An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
5207	Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
5208	Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
5209	Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
5210	Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
5211	In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
5212	Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
5213	One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .
5214	This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi .
5215	MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
5216	Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
5217	Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
5218	-LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
5219	Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too .
5220	The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
5221	Like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
5222	It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
5223	You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
5224	Or both .
5225	Sure , I hated myself in the morning .
5226	But then again , I hate myself most mornings .
5227	I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
5228	Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .
5229	And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
5230	Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
5231	Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
5232	A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
5233	The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .
5234	Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...
5235	Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
5236	There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
5237	The comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
5238	An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
5239	One funny popcorn flick .
5240	This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
5241	When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
5242	Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
5243	This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
5244	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
5245	Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
5246	If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
5247	A movie of riveting power and sadness .
5248	Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
5249	Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
5250	Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
5251	And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
5252	Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
5253	It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
5254	A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
5255	The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
5256	A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
5257	finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
5258	Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
5259	This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
5260	Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
5261	There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
5262	And yet , it still works .
5263	The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
5264	Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
5265	Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
5266	Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
5267	This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
5268	Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia .
5269	Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .
5270	As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
5271	Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
5272	Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
5273	Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
5274	It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
5275	The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
5276	Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
5277	The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
5278	This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
5279	It 's sort of in-between , and it works .
5280	This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
5281	Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
5282	Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
5283	Sly , sophisticated and surprising .
5284	Spare but quietly effective retelling .
5285	Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
5286	By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .
5287	Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
5288	For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !
5289	There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
5290	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
5291	A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .
5292	What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
5293	Much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
5294	The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
5295	A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
5296	Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .
5297	Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
5298	However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
5299	If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
5300	A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
5301	As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
5302	A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
5303	It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
5304	Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
5305	Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
5306	Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
5307	If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .
5308	Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?
5309	to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
5310	A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
5311	A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .
5312	Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
5313	`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
5314	The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
5315	-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
5316	Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
5317	The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
5318	... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
5319	Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
5320	A film of delicate interpersonal dances .
5321	Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
5322	It 's a sight to behold .
5323	It 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
5324	Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
5325	The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
5326	Gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
5327	Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .
5328	He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
5329	What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
5330	There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
5331	Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
5332	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
5333	Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
5334	The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
5335	One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
5336	A small gem from Belgium .
5337	Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
5338	A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
5339	The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
5340	There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
5341	A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
5342	Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
5343	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
5344	Jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
5345	Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
5346	I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre
5347	It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
5348	There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
5349	Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
5350	Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
5351	Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
5352	Very predictable but still entertaining
5353	Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
5354	Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
5355	This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...
5356	This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
5357	An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
5358	Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
5359	Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode .
5360	As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
5361	Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
5362	While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
5363	A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
5364	Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
5365	I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
5366	` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
5367	In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
5368	Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
5369	I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
5370	I liked it just enough .
5371	Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
5372	Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
5373	A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
5374	The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
5375	My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .
5376	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
5377	A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
5378	It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
5379	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
5380	As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
5381	A melancholy , emotional film .
5382	While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
5383	Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
5384	Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
5385	And educational !
5386	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
5387	It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
5388	The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
5389	Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
5390	Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .
5391	But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
5392	In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
5393	Bring on the sequel .
5394	Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .
5395	If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
5396	The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
5397	A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
5398	... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
5399	But something seems to be missing .
5400	A sense of real magic , perhaps .
5401	That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
5402	The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
5403	... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
5404	Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
5405	Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?
5406	Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?
5407	If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .
5408	The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
5409	Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
5410	An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
5411	Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
5412	The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
5413	Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
5414	Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
5415	Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
5416	The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
5417	The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
5418	The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
5419	The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .
5420	Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
5421	With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
5422	Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
5423	Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
5424	It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .
5425	It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
5426	Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
5427	Oh , James !
5428	Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
5429	That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .
5430	This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
5431	There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
5432	A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .
5433	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .
5434	The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
5435	I wanted more .
5436	If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
5437	The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
5438	Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .
5439	Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
5440	Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
5441	While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
5442	... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
5443	Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
5444	Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
5445	A solidly entertaining little film .
5446	It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
5447	Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
5448	Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
5449	A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
5450	Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
5451	A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
5452	From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
5453	Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
5454	The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .
5455	Even more baffling is that it 's funny .
5456	Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
5457	Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
5458	First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
5459	A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
5460	The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
5461	In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
5462	How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .
5463	It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
5464	I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
5465	What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
5466	Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
5467	Yes , soar .
5468	A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
5469	`` What really happened ? ''
5470	is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
5471	Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
5472	Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
5473	Their work is fantastic .
5474	Crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
5475	Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
5476	Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?
5477	, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
5478	The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .
5479	But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
5480	Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
5481	A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
5482	As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
5483	The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
5484	Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
5485	An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .
5486	A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
5487	If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
5488	I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .
5489	Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
5490	Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
5491	The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
5492	The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
5493	Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
5494	Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
5495	What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
5496	Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
5497	This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
5498	It 's a scorcher .
5499	Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
5500	Works as pretty contagious fun .
5501	The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve .
5502	A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
5503	A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
5504	A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
5505	Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
5506	Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
5507	Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
5508	A `` black Austin Powers ? ''
5509	I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''
5510	Sa da TAY !
5511	Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
5512	I would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
5513	Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
5514	The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
5515	Smarter than its commercials make it seem .
5516	One of the funnier movies in town .
5517	Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
5518	By turns very dark and very funny .
5519	Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
5520	For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
5521	Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
5522	Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
5523	The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
5524	Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
5525	Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
5526	As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
5527	Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
5528	A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
5529	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
5530	If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
5531	One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
5532	... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
5533	An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
5534	It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .
5535	Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
5536	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
5537	A brutal and funny work .
5538	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
5539	The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
5540	One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .
5541	Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
5542	The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
5543	It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
5544	There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
5545	Tells -LRB- the story -RRB- with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems is simply a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood .
5546	The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
5547	If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
5548	What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
5549	Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
5550	Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
5551	Hey , Happy !
5552	is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
5553	You wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
5554	At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
5555	There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
5556	A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .
5557	I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
5558	By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
5559	The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
5560	Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
5561	A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
5562	Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
5563	I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
5564	With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
5565	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
5566	Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
5567	As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .
5568	unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
5569	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
5570	Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else is top shelf .
5571	This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
5572	Manages to delight without much of a story .
5573	There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
5574	I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
5575	That is because - damn it !
5576	- I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
5577	Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
5578	A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
5579	Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
5580	An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
5581	A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
5582	An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
5583	An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
5584	Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
5585	A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
5586	A wry , affectionate delight .
5587	The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
5588	One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
5589	A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
5590	Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
5591	And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
5592	Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
5593	Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
5594	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
5595	Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
5596	If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
5597	Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
5598	The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
5599	Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
5600	This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
5601	Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
5602	It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
5603	Another Best of the Year selection .
5604	The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
5605	It 's a very valuable film ...
5606	Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
5607	Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
5608	Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
5609	The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
5610	A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
5611	With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
5612	You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
5613	Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
5614	-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
5615	An almost unbearably morbid love story .
5616	The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
5617	A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
5618	Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .
5619	This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
5620	The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
5621	The best film of the year 2002 .
5622	An enthralling , entertaining feature .
5623	Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
5624	A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
5625	All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
5626	It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
5627	Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
5628	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
5629	An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
5630	`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
5631	One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
5632	Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
5633	A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
5634	Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
5635	Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
5636	The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
5637	Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
5638	If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
5639	A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .
5640	Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
5641	This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
5642	Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
5643	With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .
5644	You will likely prefer to keep on watching .
5645	Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
5646	But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
5647	What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
5648	At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
5649	An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
5650	This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential
5651	It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
5652	Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .
5653	An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
5654	Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
5655	Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
5656	Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
5657	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
5658	` Tobey Maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
5659	... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
5660	Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
5661	Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
5662	But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
5663	A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
5664	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
5665	Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
5666	What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
5667	The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
5668	A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
5669	A tour de force of modern cinema .
5670	Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
5671	The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
5672	Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
5673	The performances are an absolute joy .
5674	A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music .
5675	Grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
5676	A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
5677	Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?
5678	may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece .
5679	Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
5680	Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
5681	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .
5682	Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
5683	Simplistic , silly and tedious .
5684	It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
5685	Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
5686	-LRB- Garbus -RRB- discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
5687	A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
5688	The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
5689	About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
5690	Not so much farcical as sour .
5691	Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
5692	All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
5693	A sentimental mess that never rings true .
5694	While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
5695	Interesting , but not compelling .
5696	On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
5697	While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
5698	There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
5699	Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
5700	Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''
5701	Enough said , except : Film overboard !
5702	Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
5703	This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
5704	The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
5705	On its own , it 's not very interesting .
5706	As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
5707	It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
5708	A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
5709	As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
5710	The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
5711	The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
5712	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
5713	The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
5714	The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
5715	Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
5716	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
5717	The action clichés just pile up .
5718	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
5719	The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
5720	Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .
5721	Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
5722	Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
5723	... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .
5724	Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .
5725	Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
5726	There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .
5727	The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
5728	Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .
5729	With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
5730	Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
5731	To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
5732	Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
5733	The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .
5734	When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '
5735	An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
5736	Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
5737	PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
5738	Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
5739	An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
5740	Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
5741	Pascale Bailly 's rom-com provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
5742	A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
5743	Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
5744	Almost .
5745	... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
5746	The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
5747	Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
5748	The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
5749	Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
5750	The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
5751	Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
5752	Only in its final surprising shots does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .
5753	Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
5754	... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
5755	In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
5756	Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
5757	What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
5758	Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time
5759	The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
5760	So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
5761	I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
5762	If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
5763	Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
5764	There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
5765	`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
5766	A punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
5767	Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .
5768	The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
5769	Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
5770	Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-
5771	is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
5772	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
5773	Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
5774	With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
5775	One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
5776	A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
5777	Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
5778	But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
5779	The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
5780	A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
5781	The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
5782	Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
5783	Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
5784	Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
5785	Can you bear the laughter ?
5786	Dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
5787	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
5788	Beware the quirky Brit-com .
5789	They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
5790	Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
5791	The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
5792	Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
5793	Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
5794	There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
5795	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
5796	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
5797	There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
5798	Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
5799	It 's all pretty tame .
5800	The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
5801	The movie is a mess from start to finish .
5802	The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
5803	I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
5804	In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
5805	The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
5806	Terminally brain dead production .
5807	Some episodes work , some do n't .
5808	Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
5809	J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
5810	Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
5811	Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
5812	Wow .
5813	I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
5814	Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
5815	It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
5816	Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .
5817	It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
5818	Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
5819	The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
5820	The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
5821	There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
5822	None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
5823	A processed comedy chop suey .
5824	As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
5825	Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
5826	Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
5827	An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
5828	The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
5829	With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
5830	If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
5831	The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .
5832	Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
5833	A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
5834	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .
5835	It comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
5836	The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
5837	So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
5838	It never is , not fully .
5839	Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
5840	What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
5841	As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
5842	Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
5843	The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
5844	Oozes condescension from every pore .
5845	`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
5846	The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
5847	Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
5848	It has plenty of laughs .
5849	It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
5850	An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
5851	Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
5852	-LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
5853	Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
5854	it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
5855	By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
5856	Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
5857	Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
5858	At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
5859	At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
5860	Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named Kaos .
5861	This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
5862	With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
5863	Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
5864	You might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring .
5865	It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
5866	Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
5867	This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
5868	It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
5869	I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
5870	One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
5871	There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
5872	It is n't scary .
5873	It hates its characters .
5874	It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
5875	Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
5876	The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
5877	... Ice Age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .
5878	Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
5879	Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
5880	The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .
5881	A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
5882	It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
5883	An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
5884	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
5885	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
5886	Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
5887	If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
5888	An EXIT sign , that is .
5889	Holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
5890	The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
5891	A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama 's Family .
5892	What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
5893	Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
5894	Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
5895	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
5896	Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
5897	The result might look like Vulgar .
5898	Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
5899	What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
5900	It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
5901	The film favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB- .
5902	Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
5903	With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
5904	The acting is n't much better .
5905	The whole affair is as predictable as can be .
5906	A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
5907	This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
5908	A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
5909	Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
5910	-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
5911	Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .
5912	Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
5913	Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
5914	Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
5915	Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
5916	Gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
5917	A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
5918	-LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
5919	The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
5920	` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
5921	You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
5922	Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
5923	Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .
5924	The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
5925	The results are far more alienating than involving .
5926	Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
5927	A lack of thesis makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
5928	Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
5929	If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?
5930	` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
5931	During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
5932	Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
5933	Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
5934	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
5935	The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .
5936	The film can depress you about life itself .
5937	I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
5938	The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .
5939	Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
5940	The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
5941	Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
5942	At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
5943	Here 's my advice , Kev .
5944	Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
5945	An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
5946	An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
5947	Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
5948	Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
5949	It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
5950	Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
5951	This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
5952	It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .
5953	All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
5954	A big fat pain .
5955	A mimetic approximation of better films like Contempt and 8 1\/2 .
5956	Unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
5957	Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
5958	An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
5959	To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
5960	With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
5961	Mild , meandering teen flick .
5962	Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
5963	Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
5964	Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .
5965	Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
5966	Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
5967	One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .
5968	With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
5969	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
5970	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
5971	Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
5972	Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
5973	-LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
5974	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
5975	Silly , loud and goofy .
5976	Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
5977	The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
5978	The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
5979	The Pool drowned me in boredom .
5980	It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
5981	It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
5982	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
5983	There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
5984	As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
5985	Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
5986	As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
5987	The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
5988	It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
5989	This is an interesting movie ! ''
5990	But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
5991	The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
5992	It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
5993	Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .
5994	A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
5995	While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
5996	Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
5997	It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
5998	... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .
5999	This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .
6000	Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
6001	There 's no good answer to that one .
6002	This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
6003	A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
6004	There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
6005	This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
6006	This is amusing for about three minutes .
6007	Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
6008	It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
6009	This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
6010	The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
6011	There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
6012	It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
6013	After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
6014	Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
6015	Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
6016	They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
6017	Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
6018	-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
6019	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
6020	This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
6021	Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
6022	The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
6023	The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
6024	The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
6025	Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
6026	Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
6027	Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
6028	Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
6029	That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
6030	Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
6031	Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !
6032	It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
6033	... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
6034	The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
6035	What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
6036	In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
6037	It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
6038	Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
6039	Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
6040	Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
6041	And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
6042	If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
6043	Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
6044	It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
6045	You could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
6046	The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .
6047	An infuriating film .
6048	Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
6049	The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
6050	The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
6051	As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
6052	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
6053	As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
6054	Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
6055	Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
6056	But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
6057	This film biggest problem ?
6058	No laughs .
6059	Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .
6060	That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .
6061	Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
6062	It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental .
6063	I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
6064	Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .
6065	Throw Smoochy from the train !
6066	Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
6067	Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
6068	A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
6069	Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
6070	To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
6071	The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
6072	The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
6073	An extremely unpleasant film .
6074	A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .
6075	If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
6076	A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
6077	Wait for it to hit cable .
6078	Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
6079	Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
6080	77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
6081	My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
6082	The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
6083	A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
6084	-LRB- At least -RRB- Moore is a real charmer .
6085	John Carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
6086	LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
6087	The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
6088	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
6089	Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
6090	A film that loses sight of its own story .
6091	Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
6092	The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
6093	Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance .
6094	Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .
6095	The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
6096	Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
6097	A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by Epps .
6098	... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
6099	Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
6100	Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .
6101	Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good .
6102	It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
6103	Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
6104	But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
6105	Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
6106	All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
6107	Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
6108	However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
6109	Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
6110	It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .
6111	But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
6112	Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
6113	The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
6114	The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
6115	The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
6116	Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
6117	It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
6118	Alternately frustrating and rewarding .
6119	It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
6120	Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
6121	Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
6122	Or intelligent .
6123	The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
6124	See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
6125	But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
6126	Or that the battery on your watch has died .
6127	Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
6128	There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .
6129	Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
6130	But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
6131	Consider it ` perfection . '
6132	The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
6133	Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
6134	I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .
6135	It 's still terrible !
6136	Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
6137	It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
6138	Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
6139	A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
6140	Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
6141	The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
6142	Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
6143	The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
6144	Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
6145	Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
6146	Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
6147	Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
6148	Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
6149	It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
6150	Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
6151	` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '
6152	A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
6153	While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
6154	About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
6155	A generic international version of a typical American horror film .
6156	... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
6157	Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
6158	There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
6159	Absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
6160	If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
6161	The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
6162	Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
6163	The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB- directorial debut .
6164	Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
6165	Bond-inspired ?
6166	Certainly .
6167	Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
6168	Let 's hope not .
6169	This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
6170	Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
6171	Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
6172	None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
6173	... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
6174	A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
6175	These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .
6176	Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
6177	A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
6178	The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
6179	shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
6180	Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
6181	It 's just a little too self-satisfied .
6182	Clever but not especially compelling .
6183	McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
6184	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
6185	LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
6186	The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
6187	The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
6188	Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
6189	What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
6190	Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
6191	Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
6192	... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
6193	Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
6194	A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .
6195	One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
6196	Low rent from frame one .
6197	Eight Legged Freaks ?
6198	No big hairy deal .
6199	The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
6200	Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
6201	The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .
6202	` This movie sucks . '
6203	None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
6204	A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
6205	Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
6206	There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
6207	Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
6208	Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
6209	I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
6210	What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .
6211	The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
6212	When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
6213	There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
6214	... hokey art house pretension .
6215	... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
6216	Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
6217	Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
6218	This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
6219	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
6220	Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
6221	The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
6222	Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
6223	There is so much plodding sensitivity .
6224	The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
6225	... too sappy for its own good .
6226	Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
6227	As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
6228	As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
6229	Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
6230	Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
6231	Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
6232	It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
6233	-LRB- Javier Bardem is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .
6234	Feels shrill , simple and soapy .
6235	Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
6236	Brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .
6237	In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
6238	No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
6239	A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
6240	Typical animé , with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
6241	Below is well below expectations .
6242	At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
6243	... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
6244	Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
6245	It does n't work as either .
6246	Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
6247	Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
6248	It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
6249	Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
6250	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
6251	Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
6252	Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
6253	There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
6254	The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .
6255	And for all the wrong reasons besides .
6256	A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .
6257	A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
6258	You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
6259	The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
6260	With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
6261	It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
6262	In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
6263	So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
6264	The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .
6265	If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
6266	Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
6267	Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
6268	Might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
6269	eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
6270	A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
6271	Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
6272	A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
6273	The thing just never gets off the ground .
6274	... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
6275	The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
6276	Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
6277	The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
6278	However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .
6279	There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
6280	The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .
6281	Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
6282	The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
6283	While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
6284	So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
6285	Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
6286	An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
6287	Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .
6288	The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
6289	The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
6290	It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
6291	The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .
6292	If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
6293	Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
6294	Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
6295	A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
6296	A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
6297	Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
6298	A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
6299	Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
6300	A film with a great premise but only a great premise .
6301	Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
6302	Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
6303	-LRB- Kirshner wins , but it 's close . -RRB-
6304	A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
6305	What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
6306	-LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
6307	An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
6308	Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
6309	The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
6310	This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
6311	Too silly to take seriously .
6312	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
6313	Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
6314	I like it .
6315	No , I hate it .
6316	No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .
6317	This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
6318	It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
6319	A fifty car pileup of cliches .
6320	It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
6321	Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
6322	What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
6323	As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
6324	As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
6325	A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
6326	It 's not hateful .
6327	It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
6328	Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
6329	The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
6330	A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
6331	The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
6332	Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
6333	Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
6334	Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
6335	A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
6336	While kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
6337	Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
6338	We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
6339	They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
6340	They were right .
6341	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
6342	Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
6343	Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
6344	Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
6345	A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
6346	Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
6347	Too ordinary to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
6348	Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .
6349	The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
6350	It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
6351	Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
6352	It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
6353	It still feels like a prison stretch .
6354	Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
6355	Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .
6356	The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
6357	Just a Kiss is a just a waste .
6358	... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
6359	Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
6360	And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
6361	As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
6362	A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
6363	This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
6364	It 's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .
6365	There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
6366	The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .
6367	As happily glib and vicious as its characters .
6368	One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
6369	No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
6370	-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
6371	I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
6372	Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
6373	Kurys never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .
6374	Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .
6375	And in a sense , that 's a liability .
6376	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
6377	If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
6378	The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
6379	Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .
6380	If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .
6381	If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
6382	An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
6383	Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
6384	Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
6385	Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
6386	The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
6387	An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
6388	The name says it all .
6389	Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
6390	Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
6391	Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
6392	... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
6393	With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
6394	Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
6395	Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
6396	An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
6397	aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
6398	A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
6399	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .
6400	The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
6401	The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
6402	Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
6403	As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
6404	I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
6405	There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
6406	The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...
6407	In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
6408	A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
6409	Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
6410	The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
6411	Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?
6412	Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
6413	Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
6414	Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
6415	A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
6416	The most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore 's The Scarlet Letter .
6417	The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
6418	As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .
6419	It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
6420	It labours as storytelling .
6421	The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
6422	A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
6423	Lawrence should stick to his day job .
6424	He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
6425	Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
6426	A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
6427	I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
6428	A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
6429	Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
6430	We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
6431	The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
6432	Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
6433	Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
6434	Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
6435	At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
6436	Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
6437	Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
6438	As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
6439	An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .
6440	I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
6441	Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
6442	A picture as erratic as its central character .
6443	Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
6444	It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
6445	The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
6446	Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
6447	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
6448	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
6449	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
6450	All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
6451	Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
6452	The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
6453	For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
6454	This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
6455	A bit too eager to please .
6456	You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .
6457	Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
6458	`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
6459	Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
6460	One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
6461	` The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
6462	Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .
6463	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
6464	Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
6465	There is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
6466	Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
6467	An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
6468	The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
6469	All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
6470	The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
6471	the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .
6472	Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
6473	O.K. , not really .
6474	Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
6475	The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
6476	... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
6477	Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
6478	Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
6479	From beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
6480	The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
6481	It 's just not very smart .
6482	Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
6483	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .
6484	In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
6485	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
6486	Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
6487	Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
6488	After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
6489	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .
6490	It 's drab .
6491	It 's uninteresting .
6492	It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !
6493	The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
6494	This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
6495	A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
6496	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
6497	A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
6498	It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
6499	New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
6500	Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
6501	When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
6502	I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
6503	The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
6504	An unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
6505	Only for young children , if them .
6506	Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
6507	For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
6508	No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
6509	A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
6510	The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
6511	Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
6512	Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
6513	Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
6514	Howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective .
6515	The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
6516	It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
6517	An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
6518	If only there were one for this kind of movie .
6519	By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
6520	The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
6521	A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
6522	Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
6523	I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
6524	Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
6525	I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
6526	When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .
6527	Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
6528	It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
6529	Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
6530	A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
6531	Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
6532	The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
6533	works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
6534	Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
6535	4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
6536	Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
6537	Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .
6538	Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
6539	... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
6540	Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
6541	The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
6542	I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
6543	I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
6544	The filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
6545	The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
6546	... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
6547	There 's already been too many of these films ...
6548	Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
6549	Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
6550	Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
6551	Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
6552	` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .
6553	Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
6554	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
6555	White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
6556	When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?
6557	Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .
6558	The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
6559	This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
6560	Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
6561	The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
6562	Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
6563	How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .
6564	Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
6565	One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
6566	For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
6567	I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
6568	A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
6569	Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
6570	This is a film living far too much in its own head .
6571	The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
6572	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats .
6573	The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .
6574	Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
6575	A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
6576	More of a career curio than a major work .
6577	It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
6578	Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .
6579	To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
6580	-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
6581	As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
6582	The filmmakers might want to look it up .
6583	A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
6584	What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
6585	Drowning 's too good for this sucker .
6586	An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
6587	Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
6588	I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
6589	But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
6590	Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
6591	There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .
6592	... tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
6593	Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
6594	My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
6595	The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
6596	Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
6597	Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .
6598	Should have gone straight to video .
6599	It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
6600	It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
6601	Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .
6602	A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
6603	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
6604	Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .
6605	It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
6606	Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
6607	Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
6608	Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
6609	Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .
6610	The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
6611	Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN .
6612	Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .
6613	The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .
6614	If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
6615	Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
6616	... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
6617	Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
6618	A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
6619	Impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
6620	Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
6621	While the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
6622	Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
6623	Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
6624	Consider this review life-affirming .
6625	If the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
6626	But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
6627	The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
6628	Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
6629	Big time .
6630	This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .
6631	It should have stayed there .
6632	The film has a childlike quality about it .
6633	But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
6634	The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
6635	It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
6636	Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
6637	The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
6638	The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
6639	Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
6640	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .
6641	The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
6642	Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .
6643	But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
6644	Too clever by about nine-tenths .
6645	Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
6646	Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
6647	Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
6648	Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
6649	Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
6650	Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
6651	This thing is just garbage .
6652	As crimes go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
6653	There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
6654	A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
6655	An uplifting , largely bogus story .
6656	An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
6657	If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
6658	My own minority report is that it stinks .
6659	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
6660	The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
6661	... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
6662	While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
6663	With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
6664	-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
6665	Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
6666	... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
6667	Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
6668	A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
6669	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .
6670	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
6671	Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .
6672	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
6673	It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
6674	I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
6675	Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
6676	meanders between its powerful moments .
6677	What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
6678	A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
6679	Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
6680	... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
6681	Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
6682	It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
6683	Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
6684	A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
6685	To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
6686	-LRB- T -RRB- oo many of these gross out scenes ...
6687	About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
6688	Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
6689	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
6690	If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism
6691	One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
6692	The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
6693	It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
6694	Charming , if overly complicated ...
6695	Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .
6696	All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
6697	It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
6698	Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .
6699	Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
6700	For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
6701	Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
6702	Smothered by its own solemnity .
6703	` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
6704	Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
6705	After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
6706	Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
6707	In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
6708	The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
6709	Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
6710	There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
6711	If only Merchant paid more attention the story .
6712	At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
6713	... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
6714	A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
6715	The characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
6716	Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
6717	Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
6718	A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
6719	Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
6720	The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
6721	Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .
6722	plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
6723	The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
6724	For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
6725	I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
6726	Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
6727	Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
6728	Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
6729	Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
6730	Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
6731	If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
6732	If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
6733	Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
6734	By that measure , it is a failure .
6735	A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
6736	An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
6737	Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
6738	Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
6739	The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
6740	Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
6741	An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
6742	The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
6743	Everyone 's to blame here .
6744	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
6745	Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
6746	Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
6747	It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
6748	A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
6749	Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
6750	But what is missing from it all is a moral .
6751	What is the filmmakers ' point ?
6752	Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
6753	You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
6754	You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
6755	Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
6756	The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
6757	Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
6758	Draggin ' about dragons
6759	Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
6760	A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .
6761	Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
6762	The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
6763	Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
6764	Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
6765	`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
6766	You might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible .
6767	Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
6768	Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
6769	First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
6770	... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
6771	Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
6772	Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
6773	In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
6774	Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
6775	Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
6776	The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
6777	Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
6778	But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
6779	In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
6780	This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
6781	The film is flat .
6782	The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
6783	It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
6784	An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
6785	The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .
6786	Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
6787	This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
6788	The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
6789	When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
6790	It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .
6791	The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
6792	Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
6793	Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
6794	An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
6795	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
6796	This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
6797	It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
6798	Oh , and Booty Call .
6799	Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
6800	It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
6801	Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
6802	Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
6803	A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
6804	The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
6805	A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
6806	At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
6807	Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
6808	Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
6809	What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
6810	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...
6811	An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
6812	Not once does it come close to being exciting .
6813	A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .
6814	It plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
6815	There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .
6816	And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .
6817	One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
6818	Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
6819	The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
6820	It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
6821	I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
6822	Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
6823	So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
6824	The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
6825	Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
6826	It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
6827	Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
6828	A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
6829	For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .
6830	If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
6831	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
6832	Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
6833	Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
6834	This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .
6835	The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
6836	A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
6837	A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
6838	Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
6839	We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
6840	Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
6841	Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
6842	A fascinating but choppy documentary .
6843	Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
6844	The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
6845	And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
6846	Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
6847	Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
6848	The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
6849	Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
6850	Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
6851	... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
6852	Never comes together as a coherent whole .
6853	An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .
6854	First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
6855	And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
6856	Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
6857	There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
6858	This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
6859	Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
6860	Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
6861	The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
6862	A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
6863	An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
6864	Bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
6865	Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
6866	The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
6867	Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
6868	A film that suffers because of its many excesses .
6869	Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
6870	In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
6871	But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
6872	Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
6873	Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
6874	` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
6875	The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
6876	... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
6877	Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
6878	It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .
6879	This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
6880	MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
6881	That 's because relatively nothing happens .
6882	No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
6883	Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
6884	Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .
6885	There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
6886	Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
6887	A moving picture that does not move .
6888	Ruh-roh !
6889	Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
6890	Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
6891	I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
6892	` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
6893	... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
6894	Is it a comedy ?
6895	A drama ?
6896	A romance ?
6897	A cartoon ?
6898	Ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
6899	Did the film inform and educate me ?
6900	Yes .
6901	Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?
6902	No. .
6903	And that is where Ararat went astray .
6904	It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
6905	Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
6906	Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
6907	It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
6908	Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
6909	Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
6910	A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
6911	Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
6912	Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
6913	The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
6914	The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
6915	Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
6916	This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
6917	A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
6918	This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
6919	Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
6920	Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
6921	In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
6922	The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
6923	It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
6924	The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
6925	Worthy of the gong .
6926	While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
6927	I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
6928	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
6929	The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
6930	As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
6931	Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
6932	Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
6933	It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
6934	Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
6935	Oops , she 's really done it this time .
6936	That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
6937	It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
6938	A chiller resolutely without chills .
6939	For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
6940	The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
6941	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
6942	Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
6943	Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
6944	The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
6945	The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .
6946	Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
6947	It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
6948	Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
6949	If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
6950	Traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .
6951	The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
6952	... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
6953	I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .
6954	This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
6955	Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
6956	Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
6957	None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
6958	As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on .
6959	The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
6960	There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
6961	The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
6962	This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
6963	Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
6964	Bad and baffling from the get-go .
6965	A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
6966	At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
6967	The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .
6968	A well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
6969	Like a can of 2-day old Coke .
6970	You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
6971	There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
6972	Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
6973	But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
6974	It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
6975	Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
6976	Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
6977	Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
6978	Was I scared ?
6979	Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .
6980	Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
6981	A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
6982	By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
6983	Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !
6984	True Hollywood Story .
6985	Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
6986	Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
6987	But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
6988	It 's one long bore .
6989	It gets old quickly .
6990	Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
6991	It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
6992	... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
6993	Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .
6994	The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
6995	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
6996	We just do n't really care too much about this love story .
6997	In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
6998	The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
6999	Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
7000	` Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .
7001	Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
7002	But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
7003	Feels familiar and tired .
7004	A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
7005	Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
7006	Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .
7007	A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
7008	A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
7009	It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
7010	Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
7011	Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
7012	An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .
7013	Horrible .
7014	The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
7015	Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
7016	An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
7017	Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
7018	As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
7019	The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
7020	It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
7021	` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
7022	It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
7023	Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
7024	Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
7025	The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .
7026	This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
7027	... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
7028	Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
7029	A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
7030	It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
7031	... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
7032	ending .
7033	This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
7034	Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
7035	It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
7036	So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
7037	Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
7038	It 's Splash without the jokes .
7039	The Château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
7040	Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
7041	Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
7042	Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
7043	Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
7044	This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
7045	It 's better than The Phantom Menace .
7046	But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
7047	Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
7048	A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
7049	Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
7050	Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
7051	Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
7052	A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
7053	I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
7054	Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
7055	Two hours of junk .
7056	Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .
7057	Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
7058	A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
7059	The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial .
7060	What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
7061	The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB- is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .
7062	... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
7063	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
7064	Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
7065	I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
7066	It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
7067	This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
7068	Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .
7069	But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
7070	Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
7071	A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
7072	Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
7073	It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
7074	The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
7075	The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
7076	An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
7077	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
7078	Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
7079	`` What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
7080	Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
7081	Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
7082	Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
7083	Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
7084	Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
7085	The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
7086	Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
7087	Generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
7088	With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
7089	It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
7090	Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
7091	Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
7092	The best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
7093	Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
7094	It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
7095	In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
7096	For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
7097	While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
7098	Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
7099	Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
7100	As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
7101	Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
7102	With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
7103	He fails .
7104	I found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
7105	A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
7106	Goes on and on to the point of nausea .
7107	By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
7108	Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
7109	One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
7110	The comedy is nonexistent .
7111	... a bland , pretentious mess .
7112	It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
7113	A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
7114	It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
7115	If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
7116	Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
7117	This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
7118	The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
7119	Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
7120	It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
7121	Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
7122	Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
7123	To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
7124	The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
7125	One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
7126	Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
7127	The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
7128	This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .
7129	The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
7130	Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .
7131	... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
7132	After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
7133	Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .
7134	As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .
7135	But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
7136	With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
7137	Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
7138	Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
7139	You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
7140	Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
7141	It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
7142	The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
7143	One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
7144	... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
7145	The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
7146	As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
7147	Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
7148	Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .
7149	This is a truly , truly bad movie .
7150	Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
7151	What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
7152	Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
7153	Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
7154	Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
7155	The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
7156	His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
7157	Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
7158	... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
7159	Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
7160	Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
7161	Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
7162	Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
7163	-- but certainly hard to hate .
7164	A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
7165	It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
7166	- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
7167	Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
7168	The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
7169	The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
7170	Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
7171	Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
7172	In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
7173	Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
7174	On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
7175	This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .
7176	He 's not good with people .
7177	Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
7178	-LRB- Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
7179	So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
7180	One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
7181	Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
7182	He has a great cast and a great idea .
7183	But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
7184	... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
7185	It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
7186	When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
7187	An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .
7188	Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
7189	` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .
7190	Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
7191	Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
7192	This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .
7193	` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
7194	A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
7195	Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
7196	Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
7197	Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
7198	Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
7199	It 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .
7200	... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
7201	Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
7202	Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .
7203	Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
7204	Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
7205	The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
7206	A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
7207	The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
7208	A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
7209	While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
7210	The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
7211	Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .
7212	In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
7213	You end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
7214	Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
7215	Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
7216	The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
7217	One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
7218	Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
7219	Your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
7220	Includes too much obvious padding .
7221	There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
7222	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
7223	Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .
7224	The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
7225	Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
7226	Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
7227	Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
7228	Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .
7229	The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
7230	Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
7231	The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
7232	The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
7233	Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
7234	While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
7235	They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
7236	It 's harmless , diverting fluff .
7237	But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
7238	It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
7239	Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
7240	Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
7241	A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
7242	It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
7243	` All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '
7244	Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .
7245	A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
7246	The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
7247	Who are ` they ' ?
7248	Well , they 're ` they ' .
7249	They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
7250	They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''
7251	, `` They 're out there ! ''
7252	and `` They 're coming ! ''
7253	Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
7254	Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
7255	The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
7256	I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
7257	It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
7258	The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
7259	Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
7260	Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .
7261	Video games are more involving than this mess .
7262	Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer .
7263	A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
7264	... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
7265	Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
7266	A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
7267	The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
7268	Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
7269	A mess .
7270	The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
7271	The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
7272	Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
7273	Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .
7274	Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
7275	In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
7276	You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .
7277	Thumbs down .
7278	The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .
7279	... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
7280	The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
7281	The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '
7282	but ` Why ? '
7283	Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
7284	A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
7285	A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
7286	Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
7287	If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
7288	Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
7289	Too predictably , in fact .
7290	Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .
7291	This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
7292	It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie .
7293	Arnie blows things up .
7294	Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
7295	An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
7296	... they missed the boat .
7297	More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
7298	Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
7299	The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
7300	Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
7301	Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
7302	Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
7303	It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .
7304	The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .
7305	Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
7306	A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
7307	The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
7308	Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
7309	What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
7310	If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
7311	A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
7312	Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .
7313	Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
7314	Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
7315	Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
7316	Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
7317	It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .
7318	Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
7319	into Scrooge .
7320	Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
7321	Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
7322	is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
7323	May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
7324	There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
7325	Where 's the movie here ?
7326	A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
7327	Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
7328	Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
7329	Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block .
7330	Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
7331	It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
7332	Without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a Kieslowski morality tale , Maelström is just another Winter Sleepers .
7333	Nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
7334	` A ' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .
7335	If there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
7336	The script kicks in , and Mr. Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
7337	-LRB- E -RRB- ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
7338	I am sorry that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
7339	No telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
7340	Looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
7341	In its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song .
7342	Indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
7343	It 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .
7344	His comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .
7345	Christina Ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
7346	At times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
7347	They should have called it Gutterball .
7348	Thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
7349	Mom and Dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
7350	It 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
7351	The best that can be said about the work here of Scottish director Ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .
7352	Less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
7353	Slick piece of cross-promotion .
7354	Taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
7355	It believes it 's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
7356	It all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
7357	Villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst -LRB- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -RRB- .
7358	-LRB- T -RRB- here 's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
7359	It 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .
7360	The techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo .
7361	I got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
7362	Apart from dazzling cinematography , we 've seen just about everything in Blue Crush in one form or the other .
7363	Too much of the humor falls flat .
7364	Detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
7365	Van Wilder does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like Tomcats , Freddy Got Fingered , and Slackers .
7366	The piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
7367	Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks .
7368	The plot combines The Blues Brothers and Almost Famous -LRB- but with bears , and a G rating -RRB- , with an excruciating dollop of Disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .
7369	No way I can believe this load of junk .
7370	`` Roger Michell -LRB- '' Notting Hill `` -RRB- directs a morality thriller . ''
7371	It 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
7372	There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
7373	Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
7374	The movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
7375	But is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
7376	Even with a green Mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
7377	And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
7378	There 's just no currency in deriding James Bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club .
7379	When the film ended , I felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
7380	Full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
7381	The film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
7382	The Iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
7383	It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
7384	This movie is maddening .
7385	It conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
7386	Should have been someone else -
7387	The film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
7388	Why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
7389	Would n't one about their famous dad , author of Death in Venice , etc. , be more valuable ?
7390	The lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
7391	Rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
7392	... is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri .
7393	I had to look away - this was god awful .
7394	Even in this less-than-magic kingdom , Reese rules .
7395	Velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene .
7396	Just one bad idea after another .
7397	Because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` Swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
7398	Though Moonlight Mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
7399	A movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
7400	Corpus Collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
7401	The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
7402	It 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and Shiner , starring Michael Caine as an aging British boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .
7403	A by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
7404	Involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
7405	Overall the film feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
7406	It 's of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake .
7407	It appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
7408	Despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
7409	An unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
7410	This movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
7411	Hey Arnold !
7412	The Movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents ' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
7413	This one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
7414	Excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
7415	Once the 50 year old Benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
7416	A working class `` us vs. them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
7417	If the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of God , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
7418	There are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .
7419	It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie .
7420	We have n't seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So !
7421	Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
7422	The Cold Turkey would 've been a far better title .
7423	The idea of 49-year-old Roberto Benigni playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is scary enough .
7424	The reality of the new live-action Pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
7425	The ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
7426	Zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
7427	Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! '
7428	when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
7429	While it 's nice to watch a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium , Yu 's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .
7430	It treats women like idiots .
7431	Though Catch Me If You Can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .
7432	Just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .
7433	A valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the NBA .
7434	Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .
7435	For starters , the story is just too slim .
7436	So much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
7437	The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
7438	The film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , Southern California locations and star power .
7439	It has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
7440	Almost gags on its own gore .
7441	How do you spell cliché ?
7442	It 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .
7443	The moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .
7444	While -LRB- Hill -RRB- has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
7445	In the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
7446	Too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
7447	Under 15 ?
7448	A giggle a minute .
7449	Over age 15 ?
7450	Big Fat Waste of Time .
7451	Hey Arnold !
7452	The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .
7453	Sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
7454	This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
7455	You really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
7456	In the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , Chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
7457	Chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
7458	Well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
7459	I thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers .
7460	While much of the cast has charm -- especially Allodi and Nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
7461	This directorial debut from music video show-off Higuchinsky is all flash .
7462	Yes , Ballistic is silly .
7463	Unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
7464	The twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
7465	The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
7466	While it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records -LRB- Sugar Hill Gang , etc. -RRB- , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
7467	Not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
7468	Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
7469	Forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
7470	Does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .
7471	K-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap Hollywood tension .
7472	Has a long and clunky ending ... which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
7473	A ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
7474	Whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
7475	Uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
7476	The entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
7477	The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
7478	Confirms the nagging suspicion that Ethan Hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
7479	Made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
7480	It 's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
7481	Holden Caulfield did it better .
7482	A synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
7483	Oh come on .
7484	Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
7485	If it 's seldom boring , well , it 's also rarely coherent .
7486	Simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
7487	Not exactly the Bees Knees
7488	It does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28K modem .
7489	The kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
7490	Makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment ... but at least this time there 's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .
7491	The film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
7492	Jacquot 's rendering of Puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera .
7493	In his first stab at the form , Jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
7494	Chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
7495	It 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
7496	This is nothing but familiar territory .
7497	In execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , Killers From Space .
7498	One of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
7499	A broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
7500	Too slow , too long and too little happens .
7501	The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .
7502	It 's just filler .
7503	Sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
7504	Utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
7505	A hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the Mason-Dixon line .
7506	Scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
7507	It 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
7508	They takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
7509	Barely gets off the ground .
7510	Even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , Miller 's hand often feels unsure .
7511	Pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and his co-director , Tony R. Abrams , in their feature debut .
7512	At its best , Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s .
7513	At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
7514	From the opening scenes , it 's clear that All About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
7515	It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but Ghost Ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
7516	On the bright side , it contains Jesse Ventura 's best work since the XFL .
7517	Despite impeccable acting ... and a script that takes some rather unexpected -LRB- even , at times , preposterous -RRB- turns , Love is just too , too precious in the end .
7518	A TV style murder mystery with a few big screen moments -LRB- including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether -RRB- .
7519	By getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
7520	Too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
7521	Dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
7522	Manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
7523	Do not see this film .
7524	Minority Report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
7525	Delivers the same old same old , tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas .
7526	If you believe any of this , I can make you a real deal on leftover Enron stock that will double in value a week from Friday .
7527	To call The Other Side of Heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
7528	In exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , Formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
7529	If only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
7530	I 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
7531	Without the dark spookiness of Crystal Lake Camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
7532	It 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication -LRB- and who knew they even had any ? -RRB- .
7533	While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
7534	For close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
7535	To my taste , the film 's comic characters come perilously close to being Amoses and Andys for a new generation .
7536	What the director ca n't do is make either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .
7537	In an effort , I suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .
7538	It 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
7539	Harland Williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
7540	... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
7541	It 's not that Kung Pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation .
7542	A very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
7543	Not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
7544	A science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
7545	Once -LRB- Kim -RRB- begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
7546	The words , ` Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
7547	What 's next : `` My Mother the Car ? ''
7548	All the amped-up Tony Hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .
7549	A sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
7550	So unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
7551	What was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
7552	A perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
7553	For all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .
7554	A coarse and stupid gross-out .
7555	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
7556	Does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
7557	There 's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like Lavinia , to go the conservative route .
7558	It 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
7559	The stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
7560	But the power of these -LRB- subjects -RRB- is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .
7561	Rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
7562	Tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
7563	Paid In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface .
7564	That 's a cheat .
7565	Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
7566	This re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
7567	A string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
7568	The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
7569	Basically a static series of semi-improvised -LRB- and semi-coherent -RRB- raps between the stars .
7570	Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... The Isle defies an easy categorization .
7571	An unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer\/director John McKay can swallow .
7572	It 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
7573	`` The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .
7574	It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
7575	... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
7576	A morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .
7577	It 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` Can This Marriage Be Saved ? ''
7578	columns from Ladies Home Journal ...
7579	The film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
7580	I 'm sure if you 're a Hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself ... Me , I did n't care for it .
7581	It 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
7582	Socrates motions for hemlock .
7583	The script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as Hoffman -LRB- the actor -RRB- can make it work .
7584	Walter Hill 's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama Undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
7585	It has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
7586	It 's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
7587	Although there are several truly jolting scares , there 's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
7588	I 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
7589	Star Trek : Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before .
7590	Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test Trekkie loyalty .
7591	Like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
7592	I do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
7593	... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
7594	I 'm guessing the director is a magician .
7595	After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
7596	An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
7597	Its well of thorn and vinegar -LRB- and simple humanity -RRB- has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
7598	For all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , Lily Chou-Chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
7599	Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - Eye See You is pure junk .
7600	Not since Freddy Got Fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
7601	The documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation .
7602	Plays like a volatile and overlong W magazine fashion spread .
7603	A better title , for all concerned , might be Swept Under the Rug .
7604	This movie seems to have been written using Mad-libs .
7605	There can be no other explanation .
7606	Hilariously inept and ridiculous .
7607	Vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
7608	-LRB- A -RRB- shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
7609	Feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
7610	Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done .
7611	a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
7612	A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
7613	Stealing Harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
7614	Pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
7615	For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal .
7616	With the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here .
7617	It 's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense .
7618	Movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
7619	-LRB- director -RRB- O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .
7620	The intent is almost exactly the same -LRB- as The Full Monty -RRB- .
7621	All that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
7622	No one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through The Master of Disguise .
7623	Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and Robert De Niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
7624	There 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .
7625	It 's not without its pleasures , but I 'll stick with The Tune .
7626	Miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
7627	Despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
7628	More maudlin than sharp .
7629	This is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento -LRB- a producer here -RRB- , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
7630	It 's slow -- very , very slow .
7631	It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie .
7632	That 's pure PR hype .
7633	Characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs .
7634	Comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of The Bicycle Thief .
7635	Visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
7636	Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career .
7637	There seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .
7638	If you 're a WWF fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in A.I. , you 'll probably like Rollerball .
7639	I do n't think I laughed out loud once .
7640	And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
7641	It 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .
7642	Slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
7643	... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
7644	The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
7645	My reaction in a word : disappointment .
7646	His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
7647	It kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
7648	Sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is Rebecca Romijn-Stamos .
7649	Intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .
7650	Feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
7651	For each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
7652	In its own way , Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
7653	I 've always dreamed of attending Cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .
7654	The vintage is pure ' 87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : Fatal Attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; Unfaithful = do n't if you 're married to one .
7655	A workshop mentality prevails .
7656	It can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .
7657	Yes , dull .
7658	Pumpkin wants to have it both ways .
7659	Director Uwe Boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
7660	-LRB- W -RRB- hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , Jane Goodall 's Wild Chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
7661	Outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
7662	This piece of Channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
7663	An occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
7664	A bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
7665	It 's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .
7666	As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
7667	New Best Friend 's Playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
7668	an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
7669	If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
7670	The humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
7671	Scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; Perdition , meanwhile , reads more like Driving Miss Daisy than GoodFellas .
7672	While the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .
7673	As the latest bid in the TV-to-movie franchise game , I Spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
7674	This is n't even Madonna 's Swept Away .
7675	This is her Blue Lagoon .
7676	The director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
7677	... the film suffers from a lack of humor -LRB- something needed to balance out the violence -RRB- ...
7678	Burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
7679	An overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
7680	Has all the depth of a wading pool .
7681	This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
7682	The so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing -LRB- featuring the voices of Glenn Close , Regis Philbin and Breckin Meyer -RRB- brings back memories of cheesy old Godzilla flicks .
7683	... the movie is just a plain old monster .
7684	If this disposable tissue has one wild card , it 's John Turturro , who 's simply fab as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish .
7685	One long string of cliches .
7686	Fancy a real downer ?
7687	-LRB- Leigh -RRB- lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
7688	Professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
7689	Nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
7690	Weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger .
7691	But its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
7692	At once half-baked and overheated .
7693	There 's a solid woman - finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
7694	I still ca n't relate to Stuart : He 's a mouse , for cryin ' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough .
7695	-LRB- Serry -RRB- wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
7696	It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
7697	By the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , ... actually pretty good .
7698	Of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
7699	The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
7700	Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the School for Soft Landings and Easy Ways Out .
7701	Exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
7702	Its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
7703	The problem with this film is that it lacks focus .
7704	I sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
7705	A momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
7706	... think of it as American Pie On Valium .
7707	Dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
7708	Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
7709	... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
7710	It 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
7711	With its dogged Hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , Windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
7712	Some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/
7713	Better to just call it ABC Kiarostami .
7714	For AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
7715	No aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
7716	This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
7717	Manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious .
7718	This rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that 's about all it does well .
7719	It 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
7720	As vulgar as it is banal .
7721	You wonder why Enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
7722	The film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
7723	The talented and clever Robert Rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .
7724	More whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
7725	Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
7726	Both deserve better .
7727	Suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .
7728	Coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
7729	A wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
7730	Sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your DVD player will do it for you .
7731	A sometimes tedious film .
7732	Teen movies have really hit the skids .
7733	There are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through .
7734	... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
7735	Nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
7736	What is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
7737	does paint some memorable images ... , but Makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
7738	It uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .
7739	just not campy enough
7740	The movie , directed by Mick Jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
7741	It 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
7742	Like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .
7743	The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects .
7744	For all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
7745	American Chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an Indian-American would recognize .
7746	And the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
7747	It made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
7748	Due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
7749	... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
7750	So devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises
7751	Combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , Beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video .
7752	Dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away .
7753	It 's a buggy drag .
7754	Works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
7755	The action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
7756	Nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
7757	Instead of hiding Pinocchio from critics , Miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
7758	Manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
7759	A great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
7760	There ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked .
7761	The structure the film takes may find Matt Damon and Ben Affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned .
7762	Whereas last year 's exemplary Sexy Beast seemed to revitalize the British gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
7763	... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause .
7764	Green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
7765	I can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .
7766	There is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
7767	The tale of Tok -LRB- Andy Lau -RRB- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of O -LRB- Takashi Sorimachi -RRB- , the most legendary of Asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .
7768	Directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
7769	A cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of -LRB- Besson 's -RRB- earlier work .
7770	A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J.M. Barrie 's Peter Pan .
7771	Samira Makhmalbaf 's new film Blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
7772	... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
7773	Late Marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet .
7774	This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
7775	While there 's something intrinsically funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
7776	It 's hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
7777	Let 's hope -- shall we ?
7778	-- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
7779	Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
7780	I do n't think so .
7781	Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
7782	There is very little dread or apprehension , and though I like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
7783	If you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what Sex With Strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
7784	In the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan .
7785	Adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .
7786	But what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
7787	Sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine this adaptation .
7788	It 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .
7789	Every time you look , Sweet Home Alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
7790	Partway through watching this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show .
7791	The overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts .
7792	Portentous and pretentious , The Weight of Water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
7793	A fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of Malcolm in the Middle and its pubescent star , Frankie Muniz .
7794	Jason X is positively anti-Darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot .
7795	To say this was done better in Wilder 's Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
7796	At the very least , if you do n't know anything about Derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .
7797	The actors are appealing , but Elysian Fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
7798	As ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
7799	The only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
7800	There 's no emotional pulse to Solaris .
7801	With an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , Soderbergh 's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
7802	It ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
7803	Denis O'Neill 's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others .
7804	The character of ZigZag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
7805	One of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
7806	Serving Sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
7807	The most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
7808	With virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , Chelsea Walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
7809	Deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
7810	A misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
7811	Like the Chelsea 's denizens ... Burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .
7812	It 's basically an overlong episode of Tales from the Crypt .
7813	The film makes a fatal mistake : It asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
7814	Another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
7815	Shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
7816	I ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but I almost can ; it 's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .
7817	Complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
7818	Though Perry and Hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn , neither the actors nor director Reginald Hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
7819	Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
7820	It takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
7821	On the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
7822	The story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
7823	Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
7824	Makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
7825	The movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
7826	Although Huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , The Piano Teacher is anything but fun .
7827	It showcases Carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .
7828	Bad .
7829	Very bad .
7830	Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
7831	May reawaken discussion of the Kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
7832	If looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this Imposter .
7833	Not really bad so much as distasteful : We need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
7834	The result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died .
7835	Davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .
7836	The Man From Elysian Fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
7837	The messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated Old Testament tale of Jonah and the Whale .
7838	Determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .
7839	Historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .
7840	But this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
7841	Long Time Dead ?
7842	Not nearly long enough .
7843	Nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
7844	A solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
7845	There 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
7846	The X potion gives the quickly named Blossom , Bubbles and Buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
7847	Perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
7848	Verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
7849	McConaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
7850	An unwise amalgam of Broadcast News and Vibes .
7851	Skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .
7852	Who needs love like this ?
7853	Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .
7854	Returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , Sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
7855	Exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
7856	Trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
7857	Mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
7858	It 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
7859	Whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U.S. satellite , Hunter -- starring Irwin and his American wife\/colleague , Terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .
7860	It offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
7861	A sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
7862	Nothing in Waking Up in Reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
7863	I 'm just too bored to care .
7864	Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
7865	Not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
7866	As befits its title , this PG-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear .
7867	Attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
7868	It all feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .
7869	Nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
7870	Scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
7871	A beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
7872	Like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?
7873	This is so bad .
7874	Even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
7875	I felt sad for Lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by Rohmer , for example .
7876	Prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this English trifle .
7877	This is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
7878	The film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
7879	It 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .
7880	The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
7881	Van Wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '
7882	At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
7883	A disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the Bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
7884	The film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
7885	The end result is a film that 's neither .
7886	Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .
7887	Something like scrubbing the toilet .
7888	Or emptying rat traps .
7889	Or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
7890	Scooby Dooby Doo \/ And Shaggy too \/ You both look and sound great .
7891	\/ But Daphne , you 're too Buff \/ Fred thinks he 's tough \/ And Velma - wow , you 've lost weight !
7892	Is the time really ripe for a warmed-over James Bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?
7893	There 's enough melodrama in this Magnolia Primavera to make PTA proud yet director Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television .
7894	However it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
7895	The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
7896	But it could have been worse .
7897	Some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
7898	Even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
7899	comes off like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special , freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class .
7900	... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
7901	it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
7902	It 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
7903	The title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
7904	Sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn .
7905	Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .
7906	Demands too much of most viewers .
7907	The story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured -LRB- and torturing -RRB- artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
7908	It should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit .
7909	So I just did .
7910	Shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
7911	The Ring just left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .
7912	The film seems a dead weight .
7913	The lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
7914	For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
7915	A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
7916	Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
7917	Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
7918	Meandering , sub-aquatic mess : It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
7919	The ending is a cop-out .
7920	What happens to John Q ?
7921	I do n't have an I Am Sam clue .
7922	Has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
7923	Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor ?
7924	No more .
7925	Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
7926	This charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated .
7927	It does n't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than `` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind . ''
7928	The subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .
7929	... Hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
7930	Unlike his directorial efforts , La Femme Nikita and The Professional , The Transporter lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller .
7931	The overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .
7932	Most of the supporting characters in Eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
7933	This one 's weaker than most .
7934	Audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the Castro regime in less than saintly tones .
7935	The film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
7936	You can practically smell the patchouli oil .
7937	To say Analyze That is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .
7938	The actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
7939	An often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
7940	This film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
7941	Consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than Ali G
7942	Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
7943	Moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
7944	There is no insight into the anguish of Heidi 's life -- only a depiction of pain , today 's version of Greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .
7945	The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .
7946	When -LRB- De Palma 's -RRB- bad , he 's really bad , and Femme Fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
7947	Tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : Young is cool , and too young is too cool .
7948	I doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time Christmas really rolls around , but maybe it 'll be on video by then .
7949	Uncertain in tone ... a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity Short Cuts by way of Very Bad Things .
7950	All 's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
7951	The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
7952	If you think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck , wait till you see Maid in Manhattan .
7953	Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .
7954	It 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish .
7955	Culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
7956	In the end , Ted Bundy 's only justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there 's no larger point , and little social context .
7957	... -LRB- like -RRB- channel surfing between the Discovery Channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
7958	A movie that , rather than skip along the Seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
7959	Shot perhaps ` artistically ' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by Joaquin Baca-Asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
7960	Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs .
7961	Soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .
7962	A one-trick pony whose few T&A bits still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
7963	The worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
7964	It may be a prize winner , but Teacher is a bomb .
7965	The production values are up there .
7966	The use of CGI and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
7967	The voices are fine as well .
7968	The problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
7969	It 's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .
7970	Proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
7971	Well , it does go on forever .
7972	This overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd .
7973	Topkapi this is not .
7974	If Shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
7975	Ethan Hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the Beatnik generation and it 's all over his Chelsea Walls .
7976	Equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
7977	I 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every Wim Wenders film of the '70s .
7978	While the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .
7979	If you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
7980	A 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode TV series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
7981	Guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
7982	She lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
7983	Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
7984	To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .
7985	It delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for Deeper Meaning .
7986	Credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
7987	I would have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
7988	For the most part , the ingredients are there .
7989	But an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
7990	An earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .
7991	It 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
7992	A mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes Chaplin 's City Lights seem dispassionate by comparison .
7993	Yes , one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering Philip only diminishes her stature .
7994	It 's a film that hinges on its casting , and Glover really does n't fit the part .
7995	This is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
7996	... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
7997	It 's a trifle .
7998	Literally nothing in The Pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980 's this one should appease you for 90 minutes .
7999	Arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
8000	Anyway , for one reason or another , Crush turns into a dire drama partway through .
8001	After that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
8002	Too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .
8003	Chao was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China .
8004	He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
8005	A mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .
8006	The film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
8007	Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 : The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
8008	The Piano Teacher is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
8009	If it 's another regurgitated action movie you 're after , there 's no better film than Half Past Dead .
8010	So what is the point ?
8011	Lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
8012	This is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
8013	When it 's all wet , Blue Crush is highly enjoyable .
8014	When it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
8015	Most new movies have a bright sheen .
8016	Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
8017	The story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter Paul Pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
8018	You see Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes .
8019	Choose your reaction : A. -RRB- That sure is funny !
8020	B. -RRB- That sure is pathetic !
8021	A sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
8022	This dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old Hollywood saw : Evil is interesting and good is boring .
8023	Before long , the film starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon .
8024	The charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .
8025	Instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
8026	But what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?
8027	A silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
8028	Scarlet Diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .
8029	The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and Clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix .
8030	Flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as Morvern 's thick , working-class Scottish accent .
8031	A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
8032	The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
8033	What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
8034	... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
8035	Lame , haphazard teen comedy .
8036	It 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French -LRB- well , mostly -RRB- with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .
8037	This miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing Flatbush machismo will get it through .
8038	Expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies .
8039	Nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
8040	It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
8041	It 's laughing at us .
8042	Might have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
8043	Every good actor needs to do his or her own Hamlet .
8044	For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio .
8045	It might as well have been Problem Child IV .
8046	Arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
8047	Both awful and appealing .
8048	The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
8049	Nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
8050	We are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
8051	Helmer DeVito ... attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' TV and revenge .
8052	It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
8053	I hated every minute of it .
8054	-LRB- T -RRB- hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the Stepford Wives mentality does n't work in a modern context .
8055	Obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold !
8056	The Movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
8057	There 's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version .
8058	A simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
8059	Roger Michell , who did an appealing job directing Persuasion and Notting Hill in England , gets too artsy in his American debut .
8060	There is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt Seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double .
8061	Anthony Hopkins ?
8062	Big deal !
8063	We 've already seen the prequel to The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
8064	Ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
8065	If this is an example of the type of project that Robert Redford 's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it 's time to rethink independent films .
8066	Pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film .
8067	Not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies .
8068	It 's not that Waiting For Happiness is a bad film , because it is n't .
8069	It 's just incredibly dull .
8070	The sad thing about Knockaround Guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
8071	A cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
8072	Director Ferzan Ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building .
8073	But he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
8074	Egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .
8075	It wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
8076	Despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like -LRB- Seinfeld 's -RRB- revered TV show , about pretty much nothing .
8077	Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
8078	Plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
8079	There are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
8080	The story 's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
8081	I 've heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .
8082	I wonder why .
8083	They felt like the same movie to me .
8084	Despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , Witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be America 's Sweetheart .
8085	An ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
8086	Birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
8087	De Niro and McDormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .
8088	Even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney .
8089	That is essentially what 's missing from Blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .
8090	A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
8091	If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
8092	or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
8093	It is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling -LRB- and an uneasy alliance , at that -RRB- .
8094	The story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay .
8095	You 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
8096	You 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
8097	Dissing a Bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick .
8098	Ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke .
8099	Flat , but with a revelatory performance by Michelle Williams .
8100	Little more than a frothy vanity project .
8101	The film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
8102	Verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
8103	For all its surface frenzy , High Crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
8104	The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .
8105	Alex Nohe 's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl .
8106	The title Trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
8107	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
8108	The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
8109	IHOPs do n't pile on this much syrup .
8110	For the most part , I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
8111	focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
8112	This series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie .
8113	A bit of an unwieldy mess .
8114	With a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual Broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
8115	The filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
8116	The movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .
8117	A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
8118	... the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs .
8119	... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
8120	... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
8121	It 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
8122	It 's tough , astringent , darkly funny and ... well , it 's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
8123	Largely a for-fans artifact .
8124	There 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
8125	Characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
8126	There 's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .
8127	-LRB- I -RRB- f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .
8128	First-time director João Pedro Rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
8129	No reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .
8130	A strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
8131	A boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
8132	The vampire thriller Blade II starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun -- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
8133	When the first few villians are introduced as `` Spider '' and `` Snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
8134	An Afterschool Special without the courage of its convictions .
8135	The final result makes for adequate entertainment , I suppose , but anyone who has seen Chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
8136	-LRB- Director -RRB- Byler may yet have a great movie in him , but Charlotte Sometimes is only half of one .
8137	So few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
8138	It 's also clear from the start that The Transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film 's shortcomings start to shine through .
8139	Watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
8140	It 's fun , but a psychological mess , with Austin Powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
8141	There are touching moments in Etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
8142	Could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison ?
8143	That 's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence .
8144	I did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of Cube , and his skinny buddy Mike Epps , to make like Laurel and Hardy 'n the hood .
8145	The only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
8146	I wonder what the reaction of Israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
8147	The film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
8148	Immediately .
8149	Human Nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
8150	-LRB- It 's -RRB- a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy Vinnie Jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
8151	Not even the Hanson Brothers can save it
8152	The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
8153	... -LRB- a -RRB- strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
8154	A sour , nasty offering .
8155	Feels like one of those contrived , only-in - Hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk .
8156	Obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .
8157	It tells more than it shows .
8158	Earnest falls short of its Ideal predecessor largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
8159	The film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
8160	Pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
8161	Not every animated film from Disney will become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' .
8162	Do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
8163	Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and Showtime is crammed full of them .
8164	Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
8165	This is really just another genre picture .
8166	Each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , Storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .
8167	William Shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
8168	A trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
8169	Neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
8170	Acting , particularly by Tambor , almost makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile , but -LRB- writer\/director -RRB- Schaeffer should follow his titular advice
8171	Both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent I Spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
8172	`` Collateral Damage '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
8173	` Enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
8174	A waste of good performances .
8175	A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
8176	I kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . '
8177	But I was n't .
8178	As conceived by Mr. Schaeffer , Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
8179	Like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
8180	The essential problem in Orange County is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
8181	Just like Hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
8182	There is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .
8183	Where last time jokes flowed out of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
8184	Why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED ?
8185	A broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
8186	... too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
8187	Lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
8188	Though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
8189	perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
8190	Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly -LRB- like one of Hubert 's punches -RRB- , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
8191	Somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
8192	This ill-fitting Tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
8193	The premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
8194	Sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .
8195	Kidman is really the only thing that 's worth watching in Birthday Girl , a film by the stage-trained Jez Butterworth -LRB- Mojo -RRB- that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies in the post-Full Monty world .
8196	Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense and you 've imagined The Ring .
8197	This time Kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
8198	An intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
8199	It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
8200	`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
8201	` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
8202	Too bad .
8203	Frenetic but not really funny .
8204	Taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
8205	If you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
8206	A didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
8207	Sluggishly directed by episodic TV veteran Joe Zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
8208	You could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
8209	Director Clare Kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
8210	New Best Friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video .
8211	Wallace seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than he 's been itching to somehow tack one together
8212	The thrill is -LRB- long -RRB- gone .
8213	Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
8214	Part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .
8215	Godawful boring slug of a movie .
8216	Dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
8217	Scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
8218	... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
8219	It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made Eurotrash cult object .
8220	It is also , at times , curiously moving .
8221	The tug-of-war at the core of Beijing Bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
8222	Vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe Ghost Ship .
8223	Some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
8224	Being author Wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material .
8225	But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
8226	Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
8227	Mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
8228	Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
8229	Aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
8230	Accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
8231	For all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
8232	A soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .
8233	One groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
8234	Although based on a real-life person , John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
8235	Great story , bad idea for a movie .
8236	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams writer\/director\/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
8237	There is no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction , and I spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
8238	It 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .
8239	`` My god , I 'm behaving like an idiot ! ''
8240	Yes , you are , Ben Kingsley .
8241	A dreadful live-action movie .
8242	Divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
8243	An earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s .
8244	A hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations .
8245	All I can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
8246	Between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
8247	If you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .
8248	Despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
8249	Every bit as bogus as most Disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
8250	A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
8251	Never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
8252	Spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
8253	Oedekerk wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
8254	Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
8255	The creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine .
8256	Whatever Eyre 's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
8257	Scotland , PA. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
8258	It tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
8259	The whole damn thing is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd .
8260	It 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
8261	I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
8262	A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .
8263	What you would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender .
8264	But that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
8265	With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept. 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side .
8266	Flaunts its quirky excesses like a New Year 's Eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
8267	Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
8268	... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
8269	Is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of Wilco 's last album ?
8270	Faultlessly professional but finally slight .
8271	Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
8272	It 's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
8273	Scotland , Pa. is a strangely drab romp .
8274	Some studio pizazz might have helped .
8275	When Perry fists a bull at the Moore Farm , it 's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
8276	There 's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
8277	Too loud , too long and too frantic by half , Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
8278	The cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the Festival of Lights as Mr. Deeds was to that of Frank Capra .
8279	... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
8280	The tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
8281	If we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
8282	A modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
8283	Julia is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan .
8284	Morrissette 's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it does n't signify a whole lot either .
8285	There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ... this film packs a wallop of the latter .
8286	All Ms. Jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .
8287	Mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty .
8288	Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
8289	This is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
8290	This is n't just the CliffsNotes version of Nicholas Nickleby , it 's the CliffsNotes with pages missing .
8291	Considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
8292	Better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
8293	So clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart .
8294	It 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
8295	It might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track .
8296	When the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
8297	Credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
8298	The movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .
8299	-LRB- Davis -RRB- has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
8300	Does n't amount to much of anything .
8301	Bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
8302	So stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
8303	The truth is that The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
8304	Enduring love but exhausting cinema .
8305	Some of Seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
8306	A ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
8307	A long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
8308	A little too pat for its own good .
8309	There are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
8310	Watching Trouble Every Day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
8311	Well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
8312	What would Jesus do if He was a film director ?
8313	He 'd create a movie better than this .
8314	When a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .
8315	A very bad sign .
8316	It 's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
8317	Ca n't kick about the assembled talent and the Russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers .
8318	Still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
8319	Diane Lane shines in Unfaithful .
8320	Almost everything else is wan .
8321	I 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief .
8322	Rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
8323	So relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
8324	The title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .
8325	The makers of Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood should offer a free ticket -LRB- second prize , of course , two free tickets -RRB- to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
8326	God help the poor woman if Attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional Yvan 's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .
8327	Let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : Stay home .
8328	Undercover Brother does n't go far enough .
8329	It 's just a silly black genre spoof .
8330	The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .
8331	Rates an ` E ' for effort -- and a ` B ' for boring .
8332	You 've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard .
8333	Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .
8334	Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
8335	A journey that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance almost makes worth taking .
8336	The movie bounces all over the map .
8337	But buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie .
8338	It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
8339	Not always too whimsical for its own good -LRB- but enough to do harm -RRB- , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .
8340	`` Juwanna Mann ? ''
8341	No thanks .
8342	Wewannour money back , actually .
8343	It 's a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original .
8344	You 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
8345	Feel bad for King , who 's honestly trying , and Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot .
8346	Some actors steal scenes .
8347	Tom Green just gives them a bad odor .
8348	This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
8349	Sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
8350	The enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
8351	Begins as a promising meditation on one of America 's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
8352	A monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
8353	Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report .
8354	The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
8355	There 's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant .
8356	In the second half of the film , Frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis .
8357	Director Barry Skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of `` The Longest Yard '' playbook like a checklist .
8358	The furious coherence that -LRB- DeNiro -RRB- brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
8359	Oh , it 's extreme , all right .
8360	Extremely dumb .
8361	Extremely confusing .
8362	Extremely boring .
8363	We never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
8364	For a shoot - 'em - up , Ballistic is oddly lifeless .
8365	One minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and\/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in .
8366	What happened with Pluto Nash ?
8367	How did it ever get made ?
8368	We may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
8369	Opens as promising as any war\/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''
8370	The result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
8371	These spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .
8372	A long slog for anyone but the most committed Pokemon fan .
8373	Matthew McConaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
8374	How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
8375	Everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
8376	With a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
8377	Its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs , The Man in the Iron Mask and The Musketeer .
8378	A benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
8379	The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
8380	It 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .
8381	It 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
8382	It does n't help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
8383	Desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
8384	This film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
8385	John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .
8386	It 's also stupider .
8387	Director Dirk Shafer and co-writer Greg Hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
8388	Borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
8389	As -LRB- the characters -RRB- get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
8390	The acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with Csokas particularly unconnected .
8391	Though Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
8392	Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .
8393	The fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
8394	Anyone who can count to five -LRB- the film 's target market ? -RRB-
8395	can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
8396	All this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
8397	Demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
8398	This idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
8399	-LRB- Plays -RRB- in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
8400	The film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
8401	Nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
8402	A turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
8403	Too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette .
8404	If Kaufman kept Cameron Diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .
8405	Trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
8406	It would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
8407	Theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
8408	All that -LRB- Powerpuff Girls -RRB- charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .
8409	Sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
8410	The ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
8411	Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
8412	As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
8413	Dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
8414	Its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
8415	A great idea becomes a not-great movie .
8416	... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
8417	And if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might .
8418	By the end , I was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
8419	Not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .
8420	Feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
8421	Life is a crock -- or something like it .
8422	Made by jackasses for jackasses .
8423	Despite a powerful portrayal by Binoche , it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
8424	The picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
8425	Bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
8426	Given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .
8427	A bravura exercise in emptiness .
8428	Philip K. Dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
8429	Despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
8430	All prints of this film should be sent to and buried on Pluto .
8431	Not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
8432	First good , then bothersome .
8433	Excellent acting and direction .
8434	This goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
8435	It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- I 'm prepared to call it a draw .
8436	Even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
8437	So routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated Final Draft computer program .
8438	Sunshine State lacks the kind of dynamic that Limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
8439	Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential .
8440	A long-winded , predictable scenario .
8441	Too close to Phantom Menace for comfort .
8442	Although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
8443	Too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
8444	This movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
8445	It smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
8446	Melanie eventually slugs the Yankee .
8447	Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back .
8448	At the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
8449	A real clunker .
8450	A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
8451	A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans .
8452	The picture , scored by a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
8453	Good for a few unintentional laughs , `` Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
8454	... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
8455	A frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
8456	Lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
8457	As written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
8458	Will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible Qatsi siblings .
8459	Just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
8460	Choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
8461	... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
8462	The only thing in Pauline and Paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized Oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
8463	If you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
8464	It virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
8465	An instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
8466	Despite its title , Amy 's Orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
8467	Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , John Q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
8468	Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
8469	What kids will discover is a new collectible .
8470	What parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
8471	Beers , who , when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ... -LRB- but -RRB- the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
8472	Without September 11 , Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie .
8473	Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
8474	Drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
8475	There 's a disturbing ` Great White Hope ' undertone to The Other Side of Heaven that subtly undermines its message of Christian love and compassion .
8476	Unless you are in dire need of a Diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .
8477	Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
8478	The attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
8479	There 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
8480	Too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
8481	When a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .
8482	Let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
8483	Unfortunately , Heartbreak Hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
8484	The more Kevin Costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them .
8485	-LRB- It 's -RRB- difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
8486	The latest installment in the Pokemon canon , Pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the Japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where Pokemon graze in peace .
8487	Taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore .
8488	But as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
8489	If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie , maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil .
8490	The backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
8491	Too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
8492	Overly stylized with lots of flash black - & - white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , -LRB- it 's -RRB- at its worst when it 's actually inside the ring .
8493	What is captured during the conceptual process does n't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , The Selection , became in its final form .
8494	If this is satire , it 's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
8495	Had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
8496	These people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
8497	Imagine if you will a Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey shore techno .
8498	It does n't quite work , but there 's enough here to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering .
8499	Any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
8500	The director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship -LRB- most notably wretched sound design -RRB- .
8501	About as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
8502	Apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
8503	Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess .
8504	Opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
8505	The noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
8506	To portray modern women the way director Davis has done is just unthinkable .
8507	Too simple for its own good .
8508	Flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
8509	A chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
8510	Suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
8511	The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
8512	All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
8513	A trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
8514	Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
8515	Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
8516	Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
8517	The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
8518	Any rock pile will do for a set .
8519	Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
8520	The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
8521	A subtle variation on I Spit On Your Grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
8522	Reggio 's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad .
8523	As Tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
8524	If somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son , they 'd come up with something like Bart Freundlich 's World Traveler .
8525	The best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
8526	A tough go , but Leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .
8527	An overstuffed compendium of teen-Catholic-movie dogma .
8528	Too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
8529	Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan , Tom Clancy 's intrepid hero ?
8530	Ridiculous .
8531	What 's next ?
8532	D.J. Qualls as Indiana Jones ?
8533	Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?
8534	The movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
8535	The film is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge .
8536	These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
8537	If this is the resurrection of the Halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
8538	This formulaic chiller will do little to boost Stallone 's career .
8539	I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War ... It 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
8540	Though Avary has done his best to make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his Rules is barely worth following .
8541	The average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town America .
8542	No worse than a lot of the crap we 've been offered this summer , and slightly better than Men in Black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
8543	The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
8544	At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
8545	Never Again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
8546	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants ' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
8547	Technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
8548	The title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
8549	The parts are better than the whole -LRB- bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York -RRB- .
8550	While the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an American movie might demand , Scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production .
8551	The humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
8552	It 's a movie forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell .
8553	Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
8554	Any one episode of The Sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
8555	Feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the Lifetime cable television network .
8556	Lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun .
8557	Credit must be given to Harland Williams , Michael Rosenbaum and Barry Watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
8558	Denzel Washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
8559	If this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap -LRB- literally -RRB- .
8560	So faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
8561	Rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
8562	There 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
8563	I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent , and that 's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing .
8564	An awkward and indigestible movie .
8565	The movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
8566	Haneke keeps us at arm 's length .
8567	Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
8568	All the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi .
8569	Like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
8570	There 's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong .
8571	This is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
8572	Message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
8573	Alas , it 's neither .
8574	No movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
8575	` Dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
8576	Thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .
8577	Now it 's just tired .
8578	Heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
8579	The movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
8580	A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .
8581	A minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through .
8582	The movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
8583	Plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
8584	It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
8585	But here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either .
8586	Quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
8587	The reason I found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .
8588	What you get with Empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a Latino in the lead .
8589	Cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them .
8590	Looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a Mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .
8591	The period -- swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
8592	High Crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
8593	The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .
8594	De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
8595	I did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
8596	Another rent installment for the Ian Fleming estate .
8597	With Danilo Donati 's witty designs and Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
8598	So lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
8599	Though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal Woody at best .
8600	Has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
8601	Britney 's performance can not be faulted .
8602	Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
8603	Well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
8604	Sadly , Hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
8605	If Melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
8606	This film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
8607	Just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
8608	Or a profit .
8609	Or some damn thing .
8610	The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island -- and the CGI Scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
8611	Enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
8612	The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .
8613	I like Frank the Pug , though .
8614	A restrained Ribisi convinces as an Italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones .
8615	Gee , a second assassin shot Kennedy ?
8616	Moot point .
8617	A hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
8618	Needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
8619	The problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , Mr. Desplechin is content to state it .
8620	Madonna still ca n't act a lick .
8621	Even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
8622	If you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
8623	The episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
8624	But the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
8625	Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 .
8626	But hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
8627	Do n't let your festive spirit go this far .
8628	Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .
8629	Hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .
8630	Intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
8631	Sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
8632	Director Brian Levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle .
8633	... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
8634	Suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal .
8635	I 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes .
8636	Movies like this are selling the old European candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revelation .
8637	But in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
8638	The timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
8639	I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
8640	A fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
8641	Flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
8642	Even if you feel like you 've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to Belushi 's easy-going likableness .
8643	The story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
8644	Despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
8645	McKay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
8646	A recipe for cinematic disaster ... part Quentin Tarantino , part Guy Ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad .
8647	The cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .
8648	Another big , dumb action movie in the vein of XXX , The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through .
8649	Aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend .
8650	When she speaks , her creepy Egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
8651	Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time .
8652	We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
8653	Much of what is meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting ' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing -LRB- the movie 's -RRB- mindset .
8654	Well before it 's over , Beijing Bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
8655	Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do .
8656	Besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
8657	-LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
8658	Passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
8659	For me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .
8660	Looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
8661	Truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .
8662	Abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
8663	Even die-hard fans of Japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
8664	Filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .
8665	Fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
8666	The movie gets muted and routine .
8667	The issue of faith is not explored very deeply
8668	It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
8669	The situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
8670	It 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
8671	I was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
8672	K-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich .
8673	A very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
8674	Automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
8675	The film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
8676	Feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
8677	Ja Rule and Kurupt should have gotten to rap .
8678	It would have benefitted the dialogue .
8679	A standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
8680	Elicits more groans from the audience than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb , all wrapped up into one .
8681	It 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
8682	In the end , White Oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .
8683	It 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
8684	This film , starring Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock , is your typical ` fish out of water ' story .
8685	You 've seen them a million times .
8686	Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .
8687	This one does .
8688	The angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
8689	A soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
8690	Men in Black II has sequel-itis something fierce .
8691	An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job ...
8692	A combination of standard , stiff TV-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
8693	An unsatisfying hybrid of Blair Witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
8694	Say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
8695	After seeing SWEPT AWAY , I feel sorry for Madonna .
8696	Instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , Hart 's War , like the St. Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
8697	A gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of Moore 's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
8698	Maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
8699	Boring we did n't .
8700	Never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .
8701	The film 's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
8702	It almost plays like Solaris , but with guns and jokes .
8703	A baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie -LRB- Woody Allen -RRB- has made in the last twenty years .
8704	It wo n't be long before you 'll spy I Spy at a video store near you .
8705	This film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
8706	Propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
8707	There is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
8708	This extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
8709	Earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
8710	The pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
8711	For all its alleged youthful fire , XXX is no less subservient to Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
8712	A predictable and stereotypical little B-movie .
8713	If I Spy were funny -LRB- enough -RRB- or exciting -LRB- enough -RRB- then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
8714	Frustratingly , Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .
8715	Places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
8716	Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
8717	A very average science fiction film .
8718	Undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
8719	How anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
8720	The sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
8721	The cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
8722	The plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
8723	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
8724	A whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
8725	Those who managed to avoid the Deconstructionist theorizing of French philosopher Jacques Derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida .
8726	Or , you can do something fun tonight .
8727	Jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
8728	As with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
8729	Static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , Hey Arnold !
8730	would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
8731	For all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that Kapur tries to bring to The Four Feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
8732	When it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than Pokemon 4Ever .
8733	What The Four Feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
8734	While Benigni -LRB- who stars and co-wrote -RRB- seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .
8735	Yes , 4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to Spirited Away ?
8736	Preposterous and tedious , Sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
8737	Calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .
8738	None of these characters resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
8739	... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
8740	As elegantly crafted as it often is , Anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
8741	Splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .
8742	... has virtually no script at all ...
8743	Will only satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
8744	This kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .
8745	But director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick -LRB- remember Cabin Boy ? -RRB-
8746	just pound away .
8747	At times , however , Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
8748	Rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
8749	Screenwriters Scott Abbott and Michael Petroni have turned Rice 's complex Akasha into a cartoon monster .
8750	The writers , director Wally Wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : Kappa Rho Alpha Phi .
8751	Bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
8752	The new faces are interesting , but the old story is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
8753	Most of the action setups are incoherent .
8754	Liman , of Swingers and Go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .
8755	... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
8756	The problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
8757	Dreary , highly annoying ... ` Some Body ' will appeal to No One .
8758	There 's something deeply creepy about Never Again , a new arrow in Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes .
8759	The problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie .
8760	Sorry , Charlie
8761	A painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
8762	Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but Ahola is simply not an actor .
8763	And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
8764	The cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .
8765	Shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
8766	This pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life .
8767	All ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
8768	If this is the Danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
8769	Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
8770	Only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
8771	When the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you 're in trouble .
8772	-LRB- Two -RRB- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
8773	The film is really not so much bad as bland .
8774	The central story lacks punch .
8775	Though Ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
8776	This may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .
8777	Succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies .
8778	A harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
8779	What was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
8780	The kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
8781	`` Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel .
8782	The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?
8783	Sucking all the ` classic ' out of Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and Disney-fied adolescent angst ...
8784	This 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it 's a tad slow .
8785	While Super Troopers is above Academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
8786	A mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
8787	The low-budget Full Frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and Solaris is its big-budget brother .
8788	The plot is very clever , but Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
8789	The film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future Quentin Tarantino picture
8790	A free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
8791	Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
8792	A well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
8793	The smug , oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream is just repulsive .
8794	Must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
8795	Others may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
8796	Despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , Super Troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
8797	It 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
8798	I watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief .
8799	This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
8800	Kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
8801	While obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
8802	Any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .
8803	Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
8804	I loved looking at this movie .
8805	I just did n't care as much for the story .
8806	Has all the poignancy of a Hallmark card and all the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act .
8807	It does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
8808	fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
8809	A gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
8810	A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
8811	It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
8812	The film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .
8813	The element of surprise might be the only thing Femme Fatale has going for it .
8814	It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it .
8815	Maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , I want a little more than this .
8816	A graceless , witless attempt at mating Some Like It Hot with the WWII espionage thriller .
8817	The story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
8818	Based on a David Leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
8819	Just like every other Seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
8820	To enjoy this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by Jolie and Burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
8821	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder could be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion
8822	This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on .
8823	Ecks this one off your must-see list .
8824	Overall , the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way .
8825	It settles for being merely grim .
8826	The Irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
8827	It 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie .
8828	No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .
8829	Just because it really happened to you , honey , does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else .
8830	Just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after -LRB- or during -RRB- consumption of its second half .
8831	Every so often a movie comes along that confirms one 's worse fears about civilization as we know it .
8832	The New Guy is one of them .
8833	This is n't a `` Friday '' worth waiting for .
8834	Everything that 's worthwhile about Collision Course can already be seen on television .
8835	If this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called Beta Alpha Delta .
8836	Not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
8837	Uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
8838	Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance .
8839	All in all , there 's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
8840	Beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .
8841	Secret Ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
8842	The film 's center will not hold .
8843	Myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
8844	Too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
8845	A great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and Crazy as Hell does n't even have a great ending .
8846	Dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
8847	Its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
8848	As an actor , The Rock is aptly named .
8849	A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
8850	I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' , but the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over .
8851	Nothing about it fits .
8852	As it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
8853	Somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane .
8854	The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct .
8855	Consider the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
8856	The movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
8857	I tried to read the time on my watch .
8858	The film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc. .
8859	Johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
8860	Ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
8861	The two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
8862	The film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
8863	The movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
8864	Once the audience figure out what 's being said , the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
8865	There 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
8866	It seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .
8867	The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
8868	Even by dumb action-movie standards , Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb action movie .
8869	The film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
8870	Just a bloody mess .
8871	Creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
8872	You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production .
8873	Has something to say ... but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .
8874	Bears is bad .
8875	Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
8876	As is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
8877	George , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
8878	For a film about two mismatched buddies , Crystal and De Niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
8879	However clever Nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
8880	Extreme Oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
8881	What could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
8882	What will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
8883	... too dull to enjoy .
8884	A morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense .
8885	Here 's a self-congratulatory 3D IMAX rah-rah .
8886	Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
8887	But even a hero can stumble sometimes .
8888	A sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .
8889	It 's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old .
8890	The impact of the Armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
8891	Going to the website may be just as fun -LRB- and scary -RRB- as going to the film .
8892	Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel .
8893	Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
8894	Admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .
8895	For Caine Lovers only .
8896	A shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ... its hilarity is completely unintentional .
8897	De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork .
8898	But like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .
8899	No , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
8900	A reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .
8901	The rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it 's more comedy than suspense De Palma creates .
8902	Human Nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
8903	City by the Sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
8904	But what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
8905	The Marquis de Sade could n't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
8906	What could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
8907	The cast is uniformly excellent ... but the film itself is merely mildly charming .
8908	Drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that Three Seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
8909	A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 -LRB- k -RRB- statement .
8910	The whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
8911	Fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
8912	And forget about any attempt at a plot !
8913	It will probably prove interesting to Ram Dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture .
8914	Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and all you have left are John Leguizamo 's cool jackets .
8915	It 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time .
8916	Showtime is closer to Slowtime .
8917	It may be an easy swipe to take , but this Barbershop just does n't make the cut .
8918	The Weight of Water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
8919	` How many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
8920	Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director Peter Mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
8921	Fans of the TV series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
8922	The only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
8923	Barely goes beyond comic book status .
8924	It 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
8925	I Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
8926	It 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
8927	An eccentric little comic\/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
8928	Afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , All the Queen 's Men is finally just one long drag .
8929	Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived .
8930	-LRB- Morgan -RRB- , Judd and Franklin ca n't save the script , rooted in a novel by Joseph Finder , from some opportunism .
8931	Passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
8932	Safe Conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .
8933	My response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
8934	Maybe I found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
8935	Too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
8936	It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
8937	It 's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
8938	A sudsy cautionary tale .
8939	A movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess .
8940	Mr. Wedge and Mr. Saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
8941	Their film falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
8942	Leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
8943	Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
8944	As your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
8945	Unfortunately , as a writer , Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
8946	On the right track to something that 's creepy and effective ... It 's just going to take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume to get there .
8947	The only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
8948	One of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
8949	... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
8950	Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
8951	The film is surprisingly well-directed by Brett Ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
8952	Warmed-over Tarantino by way of wannabe Elmore Leonard .
8953	-LRB- Sen 's -RRB- soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
8954	Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
8955	Sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
8956	Do n't waste your money .
8957	Though certainly original in form , Altar Boys requires a taste for Swamp Thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
8958	There are n't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of Georgian Jews in Tel Aviv .
8959	There 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
8960	Like those to Rome , all roads in The Banger Sisters inevitably lead to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
8961	We may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the Balkans conflict .
8962	You 're better off staying home and watching The X-Files .
8963	Chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
8964	Bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
8965	This is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
8966	Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did -- it 's called Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him ?
8967	This film is full of rabbits .
8968	Brimful .
8969	But like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
8970	I weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
8971	I kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .
8972	No number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
8973	A movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman might object to .
8974	Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
8975	In a word -- yes .
8976	If High Crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
8977	Reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
8978	The movie makes absolutely no sense .
8979	Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
8980	The problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .
8981	Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
8982	Despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
8983	Murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
8984	The journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
8985	That Zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
8986	The Gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
8987	The streets , shot by cinematographer Michael Ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
8988	This is a good movie in spurts , but when it does n't work , it 's at important times .
8989	Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss Wilde 's still-contemporary play .
8990	Flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
8991	A TV episode inflated past its natural length .
8992	Involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
8993	All these developments and challenges facing Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
8994	There are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .
8995	The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
8996	The story ... is moldy and obvious .
8997	It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
8998	Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum .
8999	Punish the vehicle to adore the star .
9000	Even if Britney Spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
9001	Big Fat Liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
9002	Usually when I get this much syrup , I like pancakes to go with it .
9003	All the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .
9004	Glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
9005	Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
9006	An overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
9007	Without a strong script and energetic acting , Dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
9008	A mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
9009	Strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery .
9010	Schindler 's List it ai n't .
9011	A cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
9012	It 's an awfully derivative story .
9013	The movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
9014	It 's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .
9015	About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock : The Movie .
9016	With generic sets and B-grade special effects , Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
9017	Not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
9018	Winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
9019	Oft-described as the antidote to American Pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
9020	The pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie 's final scenes .
9021	The premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .
9022	With its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , The Ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
9023	It 's painful .
9024	Pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
9025	An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
9026	Sheridan ... smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
9027	An atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
9028	Half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
9029	Writer\/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
9030	-LRB- Newton -RRB- wanders through CHARLIE completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
9031	Unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
9032	I found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
9033	A lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
9034	The best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
9035	Then lower them a bit more .
9036	When not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean .
9037	Cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
9038	A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
9039	` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide .
9040	What begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasy .
9041	A grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
9042	Birot 's directorial debut -LRB- she co-wrote the script with Christophe Honoré -RRB- is n't so much bad as it is bland .
9043	Watching the film is like reading a Times Portrait of Grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
9044	Enough similarities to Gymkata and Howie Long 's Firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .
9045	Succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series .
9046	Christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic .
9047	If this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
9048	A frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .
9049	Like a documentary version of Fight Club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
9050	`` An entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''
9051	Pryor Lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
9052	What 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
9053	The stories here suffer from the chosen format .
9054	While the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
9055	Just how extreme are these ops ?
9056	I regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
9057	The actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
9058	John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
9059	The sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
9060	Hardly makes the kind of points Egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .
9061	Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
9062	Rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
9063	... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
9064	The Master Of Disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
9065	The film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... Alas , Santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the Snowman -LRB- who never gets to play that flute -RRB- has all the charm of a meltdown .
9066	The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
9067	It 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future .
9068	A film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
9069	None of this violates the letter of Behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
9070	Bad Company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
9071	Even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission 's worth of funny to keep it afloat .
9072	Fails to bring as much to the table .
9073	A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .
9074	Disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
9075	If you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
9076	I hate this movie
9077	It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
9078	Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
9079	At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
9080	... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
9081	A DOA dud from frame one .
9082	Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
9083	There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
9084	Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
9085	The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .
9086	First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
9087	Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
9088	Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
9089	The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
9090	A predictable , manipulative stinker .
9091	The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
9092	Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
9093	It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
9094	The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
9095	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
9096	An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
9097	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
9098	The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
9099	The people in ABC Africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
9100	What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
9101	No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
9102	Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
9103	Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
9104	A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
9105	Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .
9106	A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
9107	Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
9108	I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
9109	Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
9110	Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
9111	One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
9112	Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
9113	A selection of scenes in search of a movie .
9114	-LRB- Janey -RRB- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
9115	Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
9116	True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
9117	-LRB- Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
9118	The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
9119	You come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .
9120	Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
9121	A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
9122	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
9123	As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
9124	Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
9125	Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
9126	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
9127	While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
9128	Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
9129	A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
9130	A Lifetime movie about men .
9131	The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
9132	It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
9133	It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
9134	This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
9135	The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
9136	I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
9137	If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
9138	This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
9139	Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
9140	I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
9141	This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '
9142	than ` Magnifique ' .
9143	The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
9144	Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
9145	But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
9146	Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .
9147	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
9148	Perhaps the most annoying thing about Who Is Cletis Tout ?
9149	is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
9150	Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
9151	This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
9152	Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
9153	Who is this movie for ?
9154	Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
9155	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
9156	A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
9157	It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
9158	Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
9159	The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
9160	It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
9161	Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
9162	Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
9163	For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
9164	A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
9165	Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
9166	Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
9167	Originality is sorely lacking .
9168	The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .
9169	But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
9170	Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
9171	Ram Dass Fierce Grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
9172	Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .
9173	For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
9174	There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
9175	Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
9176	I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
9177	It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
9178	-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
9179	Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
9180	Just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
9181	` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates .
9182	Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
9183	Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
9184	The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
9185	It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
9186	This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
9187	Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
9188	Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
9189	Every note rings false .
9190	When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
9191	It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
9192	Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
9193	This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
9194	This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
9195	The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
9196	About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
9197	A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
9198	-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
9199	The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .
9200	It 's too bad nothing else is .
9201	Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
9202	El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
9203	Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen
9204	A serious movie with serious ideas .
9205	But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
9206	There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
9207	The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
9208	I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
9209	What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
9210	-LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
9211	Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
9212	The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
9213	It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
9214	I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
9215	The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
9216	The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
9217	Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
9218	There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
9219	It drowns in sap .
9220	Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
9221	It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
9222	I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
9223	There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
9224	The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .
9225	The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
9226	Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB- , the movie is powerful and provocative .
9227	It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
9228	Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
9229	Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
9230	Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
9231	The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
9232	With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
9233	Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .
9234	Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
9235	A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
9236	The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
9237	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
9238	Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
9239	It 's all surface psychodramatics .
9240	The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
9241	That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
9242	Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
9243	For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
9244	Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
9245	Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
9246	An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
9247	too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
9248	There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
9249	A wordy wisp of a comedy .
9250	Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
9251	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
9252	Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
9253	A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
9254	Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
9255	A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
9256	The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
9257	Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
9258	I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
9259	It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
9260	Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .
9261	SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
9262	After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
9263	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
9264	It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
9265	If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
9266	Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
9267	There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
9268	The same should go for movie theaters .
9269	Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
9270	The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
9271	As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
9272	This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
9273	The crap continues .
9274	Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .
9275	High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
9276	Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
9277	One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
9278	When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
9279	Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
9280	The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
9281	Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
9282	As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
9283	I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
9284	The picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
9285	A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
9286	The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
9287	Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
9288	Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
9289	Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB- .
9290	This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
9291	Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
9292	Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
9293	An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
9294	A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
9295	An often unfunny romp .
9296	A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
9297	Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
9298	Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
9299	We have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
9300	Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
9301	There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .
9302	The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
9303	Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
9304	Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
9305	While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
9306	The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
9307	It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
9308	Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
9309	Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
9310	The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
9311	Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
9312	There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .
9313	I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
9314	Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
9315	Make like the title and dodge this one .
9316	This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
9317	The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
9318	Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
9319	It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
9320	Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
9321	-LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
9322	No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
9323	A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
9324	Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
9325	Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
9326	Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
9327	It is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .
9328	It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
9329	A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .
9330	An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
9331	The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
9332	Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
9333	Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .
9334	Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
9335	This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
9336	Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
9337	Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
9338	It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .
9339	will be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts ...
9340	Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
9341	Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
9342	Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
9343	The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
9344	The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo .
9345	Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
9346	Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
9347	... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
9348	A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
9349	Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
9350	Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
9351	The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
9352	A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
9353	Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
9354	It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
9355	A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
9356	... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
9357	Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
9358	As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
9359	Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
9360	To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
9361	That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
9362	Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
9363	A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
9364	Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
9365	Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
9366	The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
9367	` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
9368	Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
9369	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
9370	In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
9371	An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
9372	A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
9373	So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
9374	A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
9375	`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
9376	Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
9377	Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
9378	Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
9379	entertaining enough , but nothing new
9380	... one resurrection too many .
9381	This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
9382	Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
9383	DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
9384	In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
9385	No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
9386	Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .
9387	A timid , soggy near miss .
9388	Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
9389	To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
9390	Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .
9391	This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .
9392	They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .
9393	Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
9394	With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
9395	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .
9396	... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .
9397	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
9398	Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
9399	Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
9400	The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
9401	The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
9402	This is not a Jackie Chan movie .
9403	It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
9404	And that makes all the difference .
9405	Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
9406	The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
9407	A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
9408	No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
9409	I do n't think this movie loves women at all .
9410	Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
9411	A negligible British comedy .
9412	Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
9413	Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
9414	Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
9415	What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
9416	Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
9417	Her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
9418	Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
9419	No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
9420	Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
9421	In the end , there is n't much to it .
9422	A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
9423	The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
9424	Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
9425	Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
9426	You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
9427	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .
9428	Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
9429	for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
9430	Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
9431	Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
9432	It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
9433	Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
9434	Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
9435	Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
9436	Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
9437	The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
9438	These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
9439	Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
9440	Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
9441	Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
9442	A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .
9443	One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
9444	The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
9445	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
9446	Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
9447	The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .
9448	Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
9449	Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '
9450	A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
9451	The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
9452	both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time .
9453	Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .
9454	Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
9455	The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
9456	I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
9457	I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
9458	It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
9459	The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
9460	This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
9461	No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
9462	Best described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .
9463	-LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
9464	It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
9465	Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
9466	Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
9467	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
9468	An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
9469	The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
9470	With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .
9471	Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
9472	Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
9473	One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
9474	In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
9475	The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
9476	Make no mistake , ivans xtc .
9477	is a mess .
9478	Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
9479	The concept is a hoot .
9480	The trailer is a riot .
9481	The movie is a dud .
9482	It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
9483	Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
9484	It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
9485	Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
9486	These characters become wearisome .
9487	A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
9488	This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
9489	Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
9490	A sterling film - a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
9491	After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
9492	Contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
9493	Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
9494	Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
9495	But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
9496	The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .
9497	Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
9498	Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
9499	Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
9500	Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
9501	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .
9502	Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
9503	Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
9504	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
9505	There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
9506	Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
9507	It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate .
9508	I admit it , I hate to like it .
9509	Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for .
9510	Leaks treacle from every pore .
9511	The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
9512	Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
9513	While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
9514	Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .
9515	... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
9516	If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
9517	Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
9518	The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .
9519	A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
9520	A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
9521	A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
9522	Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
9523	Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
9524	A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
9525	Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
9526	... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
9527	Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
9528	Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .
9529	While certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
9530	The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
9531	A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
9532	A collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
9533	The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
9534	Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
9535	An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
9536	How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
9537	There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
9538	As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
9539	The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
9540	The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
9541	Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
9542	This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
9543	The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
9544	... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
9545	... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
9546	If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
9547	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
9548	With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .
9549	Nothing about this movie works .
9550	If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
9551	A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
9552	None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
9553	Are monsters born , or made ?
9554	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
9555	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
9556	It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
9557	With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
9558	Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
9559	The film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
9560	This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
9561	Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .
9562	Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
9563	A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
9564	Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
9565	Collapses under its own meager weight .
9566	This is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
9567	If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
9568	Technically and artistically inept .
9569	Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
9570	Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
9571	A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
9572	Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
9573	Death might be a release .
9574	`` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
9575	No , even that 's too committed .
9576	He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
9577	Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
9578	Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
9579	A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
9580	Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
9581	This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
9582	The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
9583	Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
9584	The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
9585	Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
9586	Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
9587	You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
9588	It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
9589	The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '
9590	but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
9591	Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
9592	`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
9593	Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
9594	Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
9595	In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .
9596	Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
9597	The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
9598	This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
9599	For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
9600	Narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
9601	Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
9602	A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
9603	Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
9604	An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
9605	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
9606	A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .
9607	... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
9608	It 's just plain boring .
9609	Sad nonsense , this .
9610	But not without cheesy fun factor .
9611	One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
9612	Really dumb but occasionally really funny .
9613	The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
9614	The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
9615	While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
9616	The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
9617	They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
9618	It 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work .
9619	Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
9620	If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
9621	The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
9622	... the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
9623	Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
9624	One of those so-so films that could have been much better .
9625	Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
9626	Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
9627	Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .
9628	Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
9629	It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
9630	It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
9631	Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .
9632	It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
9633	Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
9634	The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
9635	No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
9636	Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .
9637	Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
9638	-LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
9639	While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
9640	An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
9641	Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
9642	A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
9643	... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .
9644	Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
9645	What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
9646	The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
9647	Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
9648	Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
9649	Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
9650	By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
9651	To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
9652	A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
9653	Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
9654	It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
9655	Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
9656	It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
9657	A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
9658	It tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
9659	Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
9660	It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .
9661	This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
9662	A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
9663	Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
9664	Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
9665	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
9666	Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes .
9667	Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
9668	More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
9669	The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
9670	Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
9671	Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .
9672	Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
9673	It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
9674	On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
9675	The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
9676	... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
9677	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
9678	Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
9679	scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens .
9680	Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
9681	Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
9682	The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
9683	A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
9684	It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
9685	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
9686	Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
9687	So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
9688	Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
9689	Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
9690	Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
9691	Very stupid and annoying .
9692	The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
9693	A listless and desultory affair .
9694	Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
9695	How inept is Serving Sara ?
9696	It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
9697	Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
9698	Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
9699	Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award .
9700	Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
9701	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
9702	Lazy , miserable and smug .
9703	This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
9704	Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
9705	Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
9706	There 's no energy .
9707	Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
9708	After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
9709	This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
9710	At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
9711	A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
9712	A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .
9713	The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .
9714	If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
9715	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
9716	Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
9717	Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .
9718	There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
9719	It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
9720	All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
9721	A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
9722	Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
9723	The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
9724	Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
9725	At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
9726	Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
9727	Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
9728	Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
9729	If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .
9730	It 's 51 times better than this .
9731	It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
9732	Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
9733	Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
9734	Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
9735	Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
9736	Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
9737	There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
9738	Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
9739	There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
9740	While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
9741	A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
9742	Go , girls , right down the reality drain .
9743	Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
9744	Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
9745	Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
9746	... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
9747	The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
9748	An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
9749	Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
9750	Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
9751	Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
9752	` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .
9753	At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
9754	It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
9755	Wanker Goths are on the loose !
9756	Run for your lives !
9757	Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
9758	A grating , emaciated flick .
9759	Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
9760	Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
9761	We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
9762	According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
9763	But you 'd never guess that from the performances .
9764	The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
9765	Ararat feels like a book report
9766	Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .
9767	A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
9768	An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .
9769	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
9770	Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
9771	With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
9772	Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
9773	The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
9774	This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
9775	The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
9776	Much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
9777	the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
9778	Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
9779	Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
9780	The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
9781	Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .
9782	If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
9783	If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
9784	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
9785	Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .
9786	A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
9787	Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
9788	This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
9789	The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
9790	De Niro cries .
9791	You 'll cry for your money back .
9792	Slap me , I saw this movie .
9793	-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
9794	Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
9795	Quelle surprise !
9796	Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .
9797	Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
9798	Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
9799	The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .
9800	They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
9801	Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
9802	So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
9803	In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
9804	Starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
9805	Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
9806	One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
9807	There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
9808	` Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
9809	The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
9810	Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
9811	In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
9812	Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
9813	The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
9814	Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
9815	So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
9816	The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
9817	Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
9818	` Snow Dogs ' has both .
9819	It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
9820	Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
9821	It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
9822	Ken Russell would love this .
9823	In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
9824	Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
9825	This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
9826	The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
9827	What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
9828	A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
9829	Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
9830	The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .
9831	The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
9832	The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
9833	The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
9834	What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
9835	The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
9836	Opera on film is never satisfactory .
9837	The art demands live viewing .
9838	The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
9839	Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
9840	It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
9841	The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .
9842	It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
9843	Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
9844	As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
9845	Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
9846	A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .
9847	Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
9848	Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
9849	A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
9850	The story has little wit and no surprises .
9851	The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
9852	What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
9853	Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
9854	I did n't think so .
9855	A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
9856	-LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
9857	The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
9858	... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
9859	This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .
9860	as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
9861	Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
9862	The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
9863	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
9864	A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
9865	Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
9866	A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
9867	There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
9868	It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
9869	The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .
9870	She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .
9871	A quaint , romanticized rendering .
9872	What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .
9873	The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
9874	A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
9875	Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
9876	Now he makes them .
9877	She 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
9878	Not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
9879	Been there done that .
9880	There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
9881	A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
9882	Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .
9883	Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
9884	Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
9885	A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
9886	A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
9887	We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
9888	It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .
9889	Bravado Kathy !
9890	... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
9891	Too bad .
9892	You can thank me for this .
9893	I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .
9894	Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
9895	Basically , it 's pretty but dumb .
9896	This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
9897	Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
9898	There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings .
9899	Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .
9900	It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .
9901	The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
9902	Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
9903	If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .
9904	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
9905	If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
9906	Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
9907	What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
9908	Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
9909	An uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
9910	Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
9911	A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
9912	Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
9913	If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
9914	The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
9915	I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
9916	Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
9917	Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
9918	A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
9919	The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
9920	The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
9921	Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
9922	It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
9923	How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .
9924	When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
9925	There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
9926	The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
9927	It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
9928	The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
9929	Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
9930	The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
9931	Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
9932	-LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
9933	It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
9934	Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
9935	If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
9936	What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
9937	The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
9938	It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
9939	Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
9940	It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
9941	Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
9942	Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
9943	Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
9944	Something must have been lost in the translation .
9945	Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .
9946	In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
9947	Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
9948	Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
9949	Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
9950	Action - mechanical .
9951	`` The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .
9952	Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
9953	For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
9954	The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
9955	What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .
9956	Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
9957	City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
9958	But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
9959	Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
9960	As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
9961	There ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
9962	I enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
9963	What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
9964	Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .
9965	The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
9966	Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
9967	Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
9968	Amid the cliché and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism ... that is routinely dynamited by Blethyn .
9969	Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
9970	No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .
9971	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
9972	Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
9973	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
9974	It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
9975	There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
9976	We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
9977	Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
9978	There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
9979	The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between .
9980	I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
9981	Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
9982	Deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
9983	... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
9984	Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
9985	A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
9986	To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
9987	Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
9988	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .
9989	ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
9990	How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
9991	In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
9992	Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
9993	Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
9994	The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
9995	-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
9996	Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
9997	Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .
9998	Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
9999	The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
10000	Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
10001	In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
10002	It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
10003	So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .
10004	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
10005	The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
10006	Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
10007	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
10008	A cockeyed shot all the way .
10009	Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
10010	Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
10011	Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
10012	Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
10013	The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
10014	Seems like someone going through the motions .
10015	For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
10016	Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
10017	Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
10018	Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
10019	Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
10020	Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
10021	One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
10022	A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
10023	It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
10024	brought to life on the big screen .
10025	The story itself is actually quite vapid .
10026	It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
10027	Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand .
10028	A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
10029	Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
10030	Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
10031	Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
10032	One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .
10033	Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
10034	Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
10035	It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
10036	That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
10037	What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
10038	The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
10039	In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
10040	Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
10041	Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
10042	No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
10043	Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
10044	A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
10045	Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
10046	It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
10047	For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
10048	A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
10049	A faster paced family flick .
10050	Upper Teens may get cynical .
10051	Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
10052	While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
10053	It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
10054	Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
10055	It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
10056	`` I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .
10057	The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
10058	It 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
10059	I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
10060	By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
10061	For all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
10062	It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .
10063	made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
10064	But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
10065	If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
10066	But it was n't .
10067	For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
10068	... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
10069	It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
10070	The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
10071	A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
10072	Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
10073	It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .
10074	With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
10075	Does n't really add up to much .
10076	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
10077	An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
10078	A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
10079	Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
10080	It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
10081	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
10082	The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
10083	Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
10084	It 's like a drive-by .
10085	You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
10086	Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
10087	This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
10088	Stress ` dumb . '
10089	The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .
10090	When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
10091	It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
10092	This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '
10093	A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
10094	Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
10095	There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
10096	As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
10097	The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .
10098	Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
10099	Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
10100	Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
10101	When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
10102	Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
10103	A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
10104	-LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
10105	No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
10106	` Hey Arnold ! '
10107	has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
10108	They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
10109	A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
10110	A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
10111	Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
10112	It 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .
10113	The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
10114	tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
10115	Gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
10116	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
10117	Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
10118	The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
10119	A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
10120	Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
10121	Never inspires more than an interested detachment .
10122	What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
10123	Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
10124	Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
10125	They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .
10126	A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
10127	It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
10128	Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
10129	It is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
10130	These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
10131	Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
10132	Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
10133	Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
10134	Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
10135	Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
10136	Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
10137	It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
10138	One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
10139	Phoned-in business as usual .
10140	There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
10141	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
10142	Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
10143	Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
10144	The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
10145	It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
10146	It 's that painful .
10147	God is great , the movie 's not .
10148	Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
10149	When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
10150	Or else a doggie winks .
10151	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
10152	As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
10153	Plays like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
10154	You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
10155	It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .
10156	Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
10157	A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
10158	-LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB- manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
10159	Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
10160	The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
10161	Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
10162	It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
10163	Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
10164	I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
10165	What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
10166	But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
10167	The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
10168	After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
10169	But no. .
10170	Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
10171	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .
10172	Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .
10173	It was a dark and stormy night ...
10174	A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
10175	This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .
10176	Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
10177	Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .
10178	a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
10179	Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
10180	Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
10181	What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
10182	Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
10183	Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
10184	Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
10185	The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
10186	Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , Who Is Cletis Tout ?
10187	is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
10188	While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
10189	Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
10190	Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
10191	Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .
10192	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
10193	Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
10194	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
10195	Robin Williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
10196	High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
10197	Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
10198	The chocolate factory without Charlie .
10199	Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
10200	Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
10201	A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
10202	Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
10203	Neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
10204	Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
10205	The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .
10206	The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .
10207	This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
10208	It recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
10209	I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
10210	May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
10211	Many of Benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .
10212	It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
10213	Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
10214	If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
10215	Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
10216	Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
10217	Feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
10218	All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
10219	The movie 's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .
10220	... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
10221	The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
10222	No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
10223	Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
10224	Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
10225	The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
10226	Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
10227	More tiring than anything .
10228	Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
10229	It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
10230	... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
10231	A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
10232	Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
10233	And it 's a lousy one at that .
10234	Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
10235	I 'll go out on a limb .
10236	It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
10237	It 's just merely very bad .
10238	Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
10239	About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .
10240	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
10241	Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
10242	In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
10243	The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
10244	Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
10245	Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
10246	A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
10247	A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '
10248	Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
10249	Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
10250	If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
10251	An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
10252	What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
10253	The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
10254	This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
10255	Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
10256	It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
10257	It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
10258	And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
10259	Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
10260	Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
10261	It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .
10262	The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
10263	Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
10264	Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
10265	Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
10266	Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
10267	Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
10268	The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
10269	displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
10270	So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
10271	An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
10272	The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
10273	Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
10274	Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
10275	Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
10276	It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
10277	Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
10278	Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
10279	Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
10280	A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
10281	Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
10282	This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .
10283	Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
10284	Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
10285	Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
10286	A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
10287	Not bad , but not all that good .
10288	Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
10289	What 's next ?
10290	Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?
10291	David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
10292	Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
10293	The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
10294	It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
10295	Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
10296	On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
10297	I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
10298	It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
10299	After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
10300	We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
10301	Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
10302	The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
10303	Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
10304	into How Long Is This Movie ?
10305	Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
10306	Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
10307	It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
10308	Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
10309	It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
10310	A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
10311	An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
10312	Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
10313	This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
10314	These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
10315	The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
10316	Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
10317	The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .
10318	... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
10319	A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
10320	The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
10321	Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
10322	A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
10323	... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .
10324	Reyes ' word processor .
10325	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
10326	It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
10327	A little objectivity could have gone a long way .
10328	One of the worst films of 2002 .
10329	I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .
10330	plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
10331	McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
10332	High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
10333	This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
10334	The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
10335	This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
10336	An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
10337	The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
10338	Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
10339	The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
10340	I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
10341	The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .
10342	The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
10343	Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
10344	After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
10345	` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
10346	A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
10347	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
10348	If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
10349	It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
10350	Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
10351	The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''
10352	A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
10353	Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
10354	Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
10355	-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .
10356	Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
10357	If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
10358	Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
10359	Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
10360	Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
10361	It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .
10362	Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
10363	The camera whirls !
10364	The camera twirls !
10365	Oh , look at that clever angle !
10366	Wow , a jump cut !
10367	Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
10368	The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
10369	It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
10370	It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
10371	Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
10372	Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
10373	-LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
10374	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
10375	A ragbag of cliches .
10376	This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now .
10377	The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
10378	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
10379	This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
10380	Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
10381	Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .
10382	What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
10383	Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .
10384	The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
10385	Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
10386	You know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
10387	Just send it to Cranky .
10388	We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
10389	An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
10390	The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
10391	The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
10392	The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
10393	No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
10394	Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
10395	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
10396	Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .
10397	Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
10398	Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
10399	We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
10400	Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
10401	There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
10402	` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '
10403	The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
10404	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
10405	This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
10406	The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
10407	Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .
10408	Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
10409	Every joke is repeated at least four times .
10410	Every joke is repeated at least four times .
10411	Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
10412	Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
10413	The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
10414	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
10415	-LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
10416	The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
10417	Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
10418	A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
10419	Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
10420	They cheapen the overall effect .
10421	Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .
10422	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
10423	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
10424	An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
10425	Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
10426	The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
10427	Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .
10428	The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
10429	Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
10430	The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
10431	More a gunfest than a Rock concert .
10432	It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
10433	A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
10434	It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
10435	It 's not original enough .
10436	A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
10437	Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .
10438	A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
10439	Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
10440	An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
10441	The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
10442	Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
10443	So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
10444	I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .
10445	For free .
10446	I still want my money back .
10447	It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
10448	It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
10449	All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
10450	... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .
10451	Strictly middle of the road .
10452	Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
10453	After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
10454	No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .
10455	A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
10456	With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
10457	`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
10458	A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
10459	Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
10460	Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
10461	Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
10462	Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
10463	A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
10464	The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .
10465	Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
10466	Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
10467	Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
10468	How much you are moved by the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
10469	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
10470	Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
10471	The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
10472	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
10473	Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
10474	The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
10475	Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
10476	Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
10477	Enigma lacks it .
10478	Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
10479	... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
10480	A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
10481	Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
10482	In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
10483	Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
10484	McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
10485	Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
10486	New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
10487	Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
10488	Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
10489	A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
10490	A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
10491	Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
10492	But , no , we get another scene , and then another .
10493	You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
10494	An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
10495	The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
10496	The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
10497	Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
10498	Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
10499	Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
10500	Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
10501	The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
10502	For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?
10503	lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
10504	Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
10505	But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
10506	Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
10507	It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
10508	Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
10509	For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
10510	There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
10511	An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
10512	It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
10513	I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
10514	I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
10515	Dreary tale of middle-class angst
10516	For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
10517	-LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
10518	Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .
10519	Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
10520	An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
10521	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .
10522	It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
10523	Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
10524	Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
10525	A decidedly mixed bag .
10526	There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
10527	Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
10528	Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
10529	The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
10530	Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
10531	Just dreadful .
10532	I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
10533	Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
10534	hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
10535	This is just lazy writing .
10536	Even kids deserve better .
10537	The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
10538	And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
10539	Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
10540	... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
10541	Frank Capra played this story straight .
10542	But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
10543	How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
10544	The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
10545	Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
10546	Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
10547	`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
10548	A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
10549	Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
10550	It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .
10551	An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
10552	Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
10553	Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
10554	Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
10555	Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
10556	All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
10557	This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
10558	I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
10559	But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
10560	Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
10561	What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
10562	Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
10563	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
10564	Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
10565	None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
10566	The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
10567	` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
10568	At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
10569	The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .
10570	While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
10571	A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
10572	What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?
10573	Well , it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
10574	With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
10575	The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .
10576	What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
10577	Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
10578	With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
10579	It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
10580	Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
10581	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning .
10582	You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
10583	A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
10584	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
10585	Seriously , rent the Disney version .
10586	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
10587	Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
10588	It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .
10589	`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
10590	Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
10591	A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
10592	A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
10593	What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .
10594	director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
10595	Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
10596	Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
10597	Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
10598	I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
10599	While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
10600	I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
10601	The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
10602	Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
10603	As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
10604	The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
10605	If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
10606	This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
10607	A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
10608	He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
10609	But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
10610	May puzzle his most ardent fans .
10611	Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
10612	We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
10613	Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .
10614	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose Madonna .
10615	The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
10616	Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
10617	While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
10618	The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
10619	... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
10620	More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
10621	TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
10622	-LRB- Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
10623	If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
10624	It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
10625	Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
10626	Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
10627	Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
10628	This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
10629	Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
10630	Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
10631	Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
10632	The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
10633	The characters never change .
10634	If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
10635	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .
10636	Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
10637	Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
10638	A bad movie that happened to good actors .
10639	Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
10640	Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
10641	Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
10642	That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
10643	It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
10644	Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
10645	If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
10646	The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
10647	The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting .
10648	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
10649	Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
10650	In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
10651	-LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
10652	The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
10653	What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
10654	Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
10655	Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
10656	Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
10657	Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
10658	Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
10659	All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
10660	-LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original .
10661	One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
10662	For dance completists only .
10663	Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
10664	It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
10665	The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
10666	Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo .
10667	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
10668	This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
10669	Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
10670	Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
10671	Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
10672	Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
10673	The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
10674	Low comedy does n't come much lower .
10675	Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
10676	It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
10677	One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
10678	This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
10679	Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .
10680	A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
10681	An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
10682	The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
10683	The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
10684	Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
10685	A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
10686	I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
10687	... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
10688	Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
10689	One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
10690	Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
10691	The film 's most improbable feat ?
10692	It did n't go straight to video .
10693	... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
10694	The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
10695	Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
10696	It 's not too fast and not too slow .
10697	It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
10698	It 's not too much of anything .
10699	The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
10700	About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
10701	An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
10702	We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
10703	Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
10704	Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences is debatable .
10705	Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
10706	Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
10707	Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .
10708	Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
10709	Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
10710	Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
10711	The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
10712	I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
10713	The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
10714	A Movie to Forget
10715	For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
10716	Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
10717	The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
10718	It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
10719	The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
10720	The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
10721	Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
10722	It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
10723	Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
10724	The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
10725	Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club .
10726	So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .
10727	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
10728	Stale and clichéd to a fault .
10729	This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
10730	Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
10731	The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .
10732	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
10733	Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
10734	Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
10735	Witless and utterly pointless .
10736	When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
10737	Show me the mugging .
10738	Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .
10739	Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
10740	As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
10741	A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
10742	A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
10743	With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
10744	It 's just rather leaden and dull .
10745	Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
10746	Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
10747	Instead of trying to bust some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
10748	Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
10749	De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
10750	Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
10751	There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
10752	When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
10753	The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
10754	-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
10755	Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
10756	essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
10757	... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
10758	Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
10759	The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
10760	A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
10761	This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
10762	It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
10763	I ca n't .
10764	In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
10765	Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
10766	The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .
10767	A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .
10768	A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
10769	The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
10770	As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?
10771	is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
10772	Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
10773	... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
10774	After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
10775	Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
10776	There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
10777	Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
10778	At times , it actually hurts to watch .
10779	Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
10780	The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
10781	-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
10782	The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
10783	A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
10784	I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
10785	Hollywood 's answer to an air ball .
10786	And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
10787	Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
10788	A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
10789	But it does n't leave you with much .
10790	I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
10791	Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
10792	There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
10793	Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
10794	This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
10795	There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
10796	One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
10797	From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
10798	Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
10799	Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
10800	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
10801	Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
10802	A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
10803	Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
10804	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be .
10805	This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
10806	An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
10807	Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
10808	A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
10809	So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
10810	A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
10811	Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon .
10812	This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
10813	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
10814	The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
10815	It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
10816	In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much .
10817	He 's worked too hard on this movie .
10818	The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
10819	The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
10820	A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
10821	The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
10822	What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
10823	The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
10824	A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
10825	To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
10826	This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
10827	It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
10828	Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
10829	A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
10830	Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
10831	There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
10832	It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
10833	The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
10834	Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
10835	Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
10836	Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
10837	This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
10838	Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
10839	Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
10840	Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
10841	Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
10842	The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
10843	Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
10844	It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
10845	It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
10846	Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
10847	You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
10848	` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
10849	It 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
10850	The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
10851	The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
10852	I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
10853	Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
10854	Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
10855	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one 's interest .
10856	Get out your pooper-scoopers .
10857	While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
10858	It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
10859	Sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
10860	More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
10861	There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
10862	It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
10863	It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
10864	The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !
10865	-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
10866	It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
10867	Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
10868	The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
10869	more precious than perspicacious
10870	If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
10871	-LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
10872	If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
10873	Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
10874	Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
10875	Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
10876	Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
10877	While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB- , Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
10878	It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
10879	Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .
10880	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
10881	Nor is it a romantic comedy .
10882	Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .
10883	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
10884	It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
10885	In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
10886	Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
10887	The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
10888	Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
10889	It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
10890	Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
10891	Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
10892	Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
10893	Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
10894	Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
10895	It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .
10896	The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
10897	A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
10898	All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
10899	Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
10900	There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
10901	The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
10902	Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
10903	Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
10904	Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
10905	Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
10906	Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
10907	A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
10908	An empty , purposeless exercise .
10909	Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
10910	Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
10911	A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
10912	Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
10913	A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
10914	What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
10915	Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
10916	Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
10917	It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
10918	Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .
10919	When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
10920	This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
10921	Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
10922	If you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
10923	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
10924	The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
10925	This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
10926	A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
10927	Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
10928	The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
10929	Ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
10930	A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
10931	Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
10932	-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's .
10933	Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
10934	A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
10935	Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
10936	A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
10937	Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
10938	But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
10939	Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
10940	It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
10941	Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
10942	This is a children 's film in the truest sense .
10943	It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
10944	Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
10945	The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .
10946	Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
10947	Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
10948	Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
10949	Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
10950	What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
10951	A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
10952	The movie is without intent .
10953	Visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
10954	While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
10955	If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
10956	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
10957	Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
10958	You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .
10959	The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
10960	The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
10961	Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
10962	Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
10963	It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
10964	Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
10965	... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
10966	Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
10967	He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
10968	I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
10969	It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
10970	Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
10971	The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
10972	The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
10973	No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
10974	Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
10975	A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
10976	Bang !
10977	Zoom !
10978	It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
10979	Lurid and less than lucid work .
10980	A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
10981	At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .
10982	If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .
10983	This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
10984	True Hollywood Story .
10985	This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
10986	Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
10987	A porn film without the sex scenes .
10988	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
10989	A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
10990	Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing .
10991	By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
10992	Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
10993	While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
10994	Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
10995	Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
10996	Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .
10997	Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .
10998	The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
10999	In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
11000	For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
11001	A thriller without a lot of thrills .
11002	This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
11003	Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
11004	Alas , another breathless movie about same !
11005	In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
11006	Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
11007	Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
11008	Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
11009	Slap her - she 's not funny !
11010	No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
11011	Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
11012	`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
11013	Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
11014	`` Not really as bad as you might think ! ''
11015	Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
11016	One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
11017	What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
11018	It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
11019	Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
11020	Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
11021	The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
11022	I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .
11023	An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
11024	Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !
11025	can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
11026	Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
11027	It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
11028	In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
11029	... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
11030	Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
11031	Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .
11032	It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
11033	None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .
11034	The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
11035	A great script brought down by lousy direction .
11036	Same guy with both hats .
11037	Big mistake .
11038	A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
11039	Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .
11040	He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
11041	In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
11042	The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
11043	Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
11044	According to Wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
11045	An encouraging effort from McCrudden
11046	The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
11047	If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
11048	Fortunately , you still have that option .
11049	Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
11050	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
11051	To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
11052	A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
11053	This u-boat does n't have a captain .
11054	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
11055	This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
11056	Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
11057	I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
11058	Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
11059	After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
11060	A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
11061	The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
11062	But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
11063	Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .
11064	As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
11065	... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
11066	Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
11067	It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
11068	The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
11069	The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '
11070	But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
11071	Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
11072	even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
11073	What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
11074	A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
11075	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
11076	The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .
11077	The Master of Disguise is awful .
11078	It 's Pauly Shore awful .
11079	Do n't say you were n't warned .
11080	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .
11081	The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
11082	` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
11083	What -LRB- Frei -RRB- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
11084	An ugly , revolting movie .
11085	The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .
11086	The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
11087	Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
11088	You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
11089	Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
11090	It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
11091	The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
11092	From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
11093	My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
11094	A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
11095	Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
11096	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
11097	The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
11098	An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
11099	Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
11100	Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
11101	Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .
11102	Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
11103	While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
11104	The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
11105	Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
11106	Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
11107	Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
11108	This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
11109	Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
11110	Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .
11111	The film is all over the place , really .
11112	It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
11113	The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
11114	The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
11115	Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
11116	When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
11117	Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
11118	Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
11119	While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
11120	Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
11121	Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
11122	It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
11123	And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
11124	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .
11125	The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much .
11126	Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
11127	The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
11128	Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .
11129	The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
11130	It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
11131	All mood and no movie .
11132	Press the delete key .
11133	Simone is not a bad film .
11134	It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
11135	Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
11136	... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .
11137	Wait to see it then .
11138	There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
11139	Or for the year , for that matter .
11140	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
11141	This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
11142	Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
11143	Over and over again .
11144	The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
11145	The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
11146	To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
11147	Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .
11148	The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
11149	By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
11150	Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
11151	It 's not an easy one to review .
11152	At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
11153	But it would be better to wait for the video .
11154	And a very rainy day .
11155	The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
11156	Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
11157	Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ?
11158	Um , no. .
11159	But here 's a movie about it anyway .
11160	Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
11161	The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
11162	But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
11163	Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
11164	Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
11165	Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
11166	But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
11167	A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
11168	Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
11169	Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
11170	It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
11171	Woody , what happened ?
11172	Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
11173	It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
11174	You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
11175	Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
11176	Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
11177	Routine and rather silly .
11178	A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
11179	Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
11180	You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
11181	Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
11182	While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
11183	Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
11184	If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
11185	If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
11186	A movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
11187	How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
11188	On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
11189	The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
11190	More trifle than triumph .
11191	The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
11192	Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
11193	Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
11194	It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
11195	Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
11196	Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
11197	Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .
11198	The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
11199	As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .
11200	Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
11201	... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
11202	Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
11203	A well-acted , but one-note film .
11204	Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
11205	The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
11206	-LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
11207	And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
11208	There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
11209	No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
11210	It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
11211	Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
11212	The Armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
11213	Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
11214	Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .
11215	The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
11216	We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
11217	Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
11218	More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
11219	Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
11220	When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
11221	This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
11222	Marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
11223	Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .
11224	But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
11225	-LRB- A -RRB- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
11226	Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
11227	Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
11228	The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
11229	We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
11230	Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
11231	It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
11232	Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
11233	Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
11234	Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
11235	Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
11236	With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
11237	Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
11238	When the twist endings were actually surprising ?
11239	When the violence actually shocked ?
11240	When the heroes were actually under 40 ?
11241	Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
11242	Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
11243	This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
11244	What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
11245	In other words , it 's badder than bad .
11246	If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
11247	A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
11248	A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .
11249	Where the film falters is in its tone .
11250	The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
11251	Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
11252	It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
11253	Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
11254	Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
11255	Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
11256	An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
11257	A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
11258	A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
11259	It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
11260	Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .
11261	Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
11262	Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
11263	The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
11264	It appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
11265	Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
11266	in period costume and with a bigger budget .
11267	It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
11268	While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
11269	It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
11270	A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
11271	A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
11272	If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
11273	Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
11274	This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
11275	Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
11276	` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
11277	The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
11278	Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
11279	It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
11280	Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .
11281	Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .
11282	Hate it because it 's lousy .
11283	... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
11284	Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
11285	The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
11286	Competently directed but terminally cute drama .
11287	The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
11288	Not just unlikable .
11289	Disturbing .
11290	Disgusting .
11291	Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
11292	This thing is virtually unwatchable .
11293	Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .
11294	Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
11295	The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
11296	The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
11297	The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
11298	In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
11299	Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
11300	The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
11301	The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
11302	A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
11303	The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
11304	Spy-vs .
11305	- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
11306	A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
11307	The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .
11308	Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
11309	An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
11310	A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
11311	This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
11312	This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
11313	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
11314	The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
11315	Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
11316	A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa 1958 .
11317	Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
11318	Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
11319	An extraordinarily silly thriller .
11320	A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
11321	Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
11322	Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
11323	The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
11324	The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
11325	The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
11326	Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
11327	What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
11328	No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
11329	The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
11330	The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
11331	... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
11332	A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
11333	Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
11334	The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
11335	This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
11336	This off-putting French romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie .
11337	overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
11338	Ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
11339	If there ai n't none , you have a problem .
11340	The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
11341	Yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
11342	Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
11343	Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
11344	More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
11345	Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
11346	It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
11347	Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
11348	A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
11349	The drama discloses almost nothing .
11350	A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
11351	Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
11352	As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
11353	A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
11354	There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
11355	And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .
11356	Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
11357	It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
11358	It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
11359	The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
11360	But it does n't need Gangs of New York .
11361	Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting .
11362	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .
11363	It 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .
11364	Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
11365	-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
11366	One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .
11367	Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
11368	Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
11369	Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
11370	It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
11371	Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
11372	... a rather bland affair .
11373	Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
11374	The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
11375	I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
11376	Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
11377	Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
11378	A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
11379	All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
11380	The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
11381	Rather than real figures , Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
11382	Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
11383	It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
11384	I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
11385	If you go , pack your knitting needles .
11386	The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
11387	We do n't even like their characters .
11388	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
11389	The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
11390	It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
11391	This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
11392	Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
11393	It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
11394	A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
11395	The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
11396	Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
11397	Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
11398	Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''
11399	Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .
11400	Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .
11401	Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
11402	The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
11403	You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
11404	I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
11405	Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
11406	The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
11407	Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
11408	an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''
11409	- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
11410	A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
11411	An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
11412	... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
11413	The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
11414	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
11415	A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
11416	One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
11417	Essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
11418	A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .
11419	-LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
11420	Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
11421	Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
11422	... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
11423	Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
11424	The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
11425	You have no affinity for most of the characters .
11426	Nothing about them is attractive .
11427	What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
11428	Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
11429	A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
11430	An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
11431	It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
11432	Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .
11433	Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .
11434	Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .
11435	No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
11436	You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
11437	` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
11438	In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
11439	Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
11440	Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .
11441	Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
11442	How about surprising us by trying something new ?
11443	Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
11444	Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
11445	If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''
11446	Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
11447	You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
11448	The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
11449	This will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
11450	A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
11451	Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
11452	It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
11453	Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
11454	One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
11455	Too bad none of it is funny .
11456	The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
11457	The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
11458	The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .
11459	Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
11460	Oh , and more entertaining , too .
11461	... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
11462	Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .
11463	Humor in I Spy is so anemic .
11464	The film is strictly routine .
11465	Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
11466	While the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier .
11467	In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
11468	It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
11469	The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .
11470	You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
11471	Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
11472	If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .
11473	We get the comedy we settle for .
11474	The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
11475	Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
11476	A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
11477	And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
11478	The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .
11479	Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
11480	The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
11481	Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
11482	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
11483	All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
11484	Hey Arnold !
11485	is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .
11486	Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
11487	True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
11488	Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
11489	The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
11490	Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
11491	The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
11492	Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .
11493	It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
11494	Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
11495	... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
11496	The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
11497	Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
11498	In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
11499	Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
11500	You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
11501	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .
11502	This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
11503	Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
11504	the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans .
11505	That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
11506	It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
11507	If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
11508	Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
11509	It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
11510	Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
11511	As pedestrian as they come .
11512	A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
11513	It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
11514	Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .
11515	More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
11516	An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
11517	The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
11518	As saccharine as it is disposable .
11519	You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
11520	The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
11521	Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
11522	Too much power , not enough puff .
11523	The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
11524	It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
11525	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
11526	Muddled , trashy and incompetent
11527	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
11528	Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
11529	Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
11530	Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
11531	It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
11532	his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
11533	It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
11534	A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
11535	There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
11536	As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
11537	The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
11538	Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
11539	`` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
11540	One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .
11541	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
11542	It 's a masterpiece .
11543	It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...
11544	They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
11545	And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
11546	Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .
11547	Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
11548	A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
11549	By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
11550	Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
11551	` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
11552	The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
11553	As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .
11554	Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
11555	Catch it ... if you can !
11556	Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '
11557	American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
11558	` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
11559	It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
11560	Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
11561	The script is smart , not cloying .
11562	Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
11563	A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
11564	One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .
11565	An ambitious ` what if ? '
11566	that works .
11567	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
11568	Nice piece of work .
11569	` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
11570	It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
11571	Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
11572	The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
11573	From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
11574	Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
11575	Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
11576	Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
11577	Yep , it 's `` Waking up in Reno . ''
11578	Go back to sleep .
11579	I did n't laugh .
11580	I did n't smile .
11581	I survived .
11582	The worst film of the year .
11583	In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
11584	A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
11585	Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
11586	Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
11587	This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
11588	Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
11589	The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
11590	... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
11591	By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
11592	I ca n't recommend it .
11593	But it 's surprisingly harmless .
11594	What 's next ?
11595	The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?
11596	The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
11597	There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
11598	Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?
11599	Absolutely not .
11600	It sucked .
11601	Would I see it again ?
11602	Please see previous answer .
11603	It 's exactly what you 'd expect .
11604	`` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
11605	A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
11606	The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
11607	This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
11608	What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
11609	If only it were , well , funnier .
11610	The script ?
11611	Please .
11612	Does n't add up to much .
11613	One of the worst movies of the year .
11614	A complete waste of time .
11615	Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
11616	One of the worst movies of the year .
11617	... Watching it was painful .
11618	The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
11619	Spiderman ROCKS
11620	A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
11621	An imaginative comedy\/thriller .
11622	Thoroughly enjoyable .
11623	-LRB- A -RRB- rare , beautiful film .
11624	Family fare .
11625	Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
11626	-LRB- An -RRB- hilarious romantic comedy .
11627	An exhilarating experience .
11628	Never -LRB- sinks -RRB- into exploitation .
11629	Compellingly watchable .
11630	Troubling and powerful .
11631	Often hilarious .
11632	A modest masterpiece .
11633	Never once predictable .
11634	An uplifting , near-masterpiece .
11635	Warm and exotic .
11636	... a true delight .
11637	A true pleasure .
11638	Polished , well-structured film .
11639	Sexy and romantic .
11640	Psychologically savvy .
11641	delightfully rendered
11642	Fun and nimble .
11643	Funny and touching .
11644	Serious and thoughtful .
11645	It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
11646	Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
11647	One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
11648	Lightweight but appealing .
11649	Highly engaging .
11650	Feral and uncomfortable .
11651	A gripping drama .
11652	Beautifully produced .
11653	Smart and taut .
11654	Highly watchable stuff .
11655	Psychologically revealing .
11656	A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
11657	... wise and elegiac ...
11658	Spare yet audacious ...
11659	Surprisingly insightful
11660	An intoxicating experience .
11661	Reassuring , retro uplifter .
11662	Visually captivating .
11663	Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
11664	Touché !
11665	An impressive hybrid .
11666	A tasty masala .
11667	Refreshing .
11668	Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
11669	Poignant and funny .
11670	See it .
11671	Debate it .
11672	Remember it .
11673	Morvern rocks .
11674	Intelligent and moving .
11675	Genuinely unnerving .
11676	A compelling film .
11677	Deliciously slow .
11678	A riveting documentary .
11679	An enjoyable experience .
11680	A good thriller .
11681	A glorious mess .
11682	Neatly constructed thriller .
11683	Intimate and panoramic .
11684	Exciting documentary .
11685	Good , solid storytelling .
11686	Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
11687	Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
11688	A muted freak-out
11689	Moving and vibrant .
11690	... quite endearing .
11691	Harmless fun .
11692	Good-naturedly cornball sequel .
11693	Oddly compelling .
11694	Witless but watchable .
11695	Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
11696	Hard to resist .
11697	A true-blue delight .
11698	A fun ride .
11699	Weird .
11700	Rewarding .
11701	Sleek and arty .
11702	Fantastic !
11703	A thought-provoking picture .
11704	A stylish thriller .
11705	Almost peerlessly unsettling .
11706	Delirious fun .
11707	Exciting and well-paced .
11708	Really quite funny .
11709	A well-executed spy-thriller .
11710	Idiotic and ugly .
11711	A funny film .
11712	-LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet .
11713	Poetic , heartbreaking .
11714	Formuliac , but fun .
11715	Feels untidily honest .
11716	`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
11717	Full of surprises .
11718	Quietly engaging .
11719	Dense , exhilarating documentary .
11720	a joyous occasion
11721	-LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .
11722	A genuine mind-bender .
11723	Great character interaction .
11724	Intriguing and stylish .
11725	Many insightful moments .
11726	Everything is off .
11727	Earnest but heavy-handed .
11728	One lousy movie .
11729	... hypnotically dull .
11730	Calculated swill .
11731	Thoroughly awful .
11732	Truly terrible .
11733	Fluffy and disposible .
11734	By-the-numbers yarn .
11735	Aan opportunity wasted .
11736	Storytelling feels slight .
11737	Bad company .
11738	Bad movie .
11739	Just plain bad .
11740	-LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel ...
11741	A high-minded snoozer .
11742	Execrable .
11743	Amazingly dopey .
11744	Banal and predictable .
11745	Crikey indeed .
11746	Brisk hack job .
11747	... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
11748	... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
11749	Obvious .
11750	Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
11751	... a pretentious mess ...
11752	-LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .
11753	So-so entertainment .
11754	Punitively affirmational parable .
11755	Decent but dull .
11756	Thin period piece .
11757	-LRB- A -RRB- stuporously solemn film .
11758	Well-meant but unoriginal .
11759	Odd and weird .
11760	Cinematic poo .
11761	... stale and uninspired .
11762	A dreary movie .
11763	Pompous and garbled .
11764	Utter mush ... conceited pap .
11765	Well-meaning but inert .
11766	... overly melodramatic ...
11767	Extremely bad .
11768	Shrewd but pointless .
11769	Sluggish , tonally uneven .
11770	Generic thriller junk .
11771	Teens only .
11772	A non-mystery mystery .
11773	What an embarrassment .
11774	A noble failure .
11775	Woefully pretentious .
11776	... irritating soul-searching garbage .
11777	A relative letdown .
11778	Warmed-over hash .
11779	A puzzling experience .
11780	Stale , futile scenario .
11781	Aggravating and tedious .
11782	Lacks depth .
11783	under-rehearsed and lifeless
11784	Laughably , irredeemably awful .
11785	Unwieldy contraption .
11786	Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
11787	An awful snooze .
11788	Just plain silly .
11789	Feeble comedy .
11790	... salaciously simplistic .
11791	Shallow .
11792	A less-than-thrilling thriller .
11793	Disjointed parody .
11794	... silly humbuggery ...
11795	Eh .
11796	Black-and-white and unrealistic .
11797	Two-bit potboiler .
11798	-LRB- U -RRB- nrelentingly stupid .
11799	Painfully padded .
11800	Anemic , pretentious .
11801	Grating and tedious .
11802	It bites hard .
11803	-LRB- A -RRB- mess .
11804	Dramatically lackluster .
11805	Stay away .
11806	Far away .
11807	... a pretentious mess ...
11808	Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
11809	Arty gay film .
11810	Incoherence reigns .
11811	A half-assed film .
11812	Abysmally pathetic
11813	... unbearably lame .
11814	Bland but harmless .
11815	Dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted
11816	-LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .
11817	A dreary indulgence .
11818	-LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment .
11819	Tends to plod .
11820	A major waste ... generic .
11821	... a confusing drudgery .
11822	A well-crafted letdown .
11823	Boring and meandering .
11824	Less than fresh .
11825	A lame comedy .
11826	A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
11827	Mildly amusing .
11828	Fairly run-of-the-mill .
11829	Mildly entertaining .
11830	Terrible .
11831	Degenerates into hogwash .
11832	Meandering and confusing .
11833	Crummy .
11834	An opportunity missed .
11835	Wishy-washy .
11836	Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
11837	Insufferably naive .
11838	Ill-considered , unholy hokum .
11839	Amazingly lame .
11840	-LRB- A -RRB- slummer .
11841	-LRB- A -RRB- poorly executed comedy .
11842	... really horrible drek .
11843	An intriguing near-miss .
11844	Flat , misguided comedy .
11845	Predictably melodramatic .
11846	Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
11847	Bearable .
11848	Barely .
11849	Staggeringly dreadful romance .
11850	Well-made but mush-hearted .
11851	A real snooze .
11852	No surprises .
11853	We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .
11854	Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
11855	In this case zero .
