You know that what I do is I write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more reading in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has ever chosen a agriculture.
I'm here today to talk about circles and episodes.
And you know that an epiphany usually is something that fell somewhere in place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an episode.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollutine.
It's the complicated kind of circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the middle of the middle school, in Stah, Ohie where I was the rare of the class.
And they were beaten to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that were fighting against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Postuard who said, "I need to see you.
I'm destroyed that we never got to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found already.
And I should tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, right?
We went to see it, we laugh, we carry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we interpret it, and we care about it, and we got out of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as adults came to meet me, it became a chamber box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, he had become a circle -- and that episode that I talked about was made in itself.
The empathy is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure -- and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first topics.
I was amazing.
My heart left fast, I was marine, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tolls around me would come out of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was about a snow of snow about another child per year after year.
The tolls are born when they get rid of glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to slow down, and they fall down to the end, whereas others can't put it more and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a top, which are separate isolated and alone, largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a toilet melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts a title releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I approach these tolerances as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt -- it's not a end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice ice that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that photographed in Kenyans, Greenland.
And it's very often to get a lot of a broken toll.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and its floating line.
You can see here, you can see to roll, the boat has moved towards the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a team of Greenland -- average size.
Soul of water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so tomatoes, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of a baby.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about trust itself, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joined the X chromosome of the ground.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined to the X chromosome.
Both of them are presenting and started life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my ground activity will turn two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of analytical.
I'm a history of training, and what I study in this case is the way people travel the anatomy -- -- to say, of human and animal bodies -- how they have considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I think about in my work is an activist, as a defense of patients, or, as I say sometimes the implications of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working with, for example, with standard twins, two people inside a body.
I've worked with energy people, much longer than the average.
And I've worked with lots of cases with autism sex, individuals whose physical tribute doesn't fit into the male male and female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it interrupted.
It's going to be interrupted by interacting many ways.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into the male or female forms of female form.
For example, there is the case of the individual with common criminal X-ray whose gene SRIV -- and it tells the prototypes, that we all have in the physical life, which become testimonies.
And then, in physical life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome syndrome to angles.
So there's high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops a typical female course.
When it was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a child. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing them, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is going on.
And after doing tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and uterus, you actually have testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you might think it's a man, but it's actually not like this.
Women, like men -- we have in the body something called supermarket glands in the body.
They're in the top of the body.
Supermarket glands produce angles, the manufacturing hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, doesn't know his criminal structure, I think it will be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to angers.
We produce angers and respond to angers.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the angles that the woman who was born with testicles that have the silk syndrome to angles.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the instructions.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a course, had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, I had a life like a boy and just discovered that I had ovarian and third.
I had an extreme form of a disease known as a conservation of a conventional hypothetical.
It had climate chromosomes and in the ground, the surrogate glands were so active that they were essentially creating a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their geniuses were manifest, their brain was exposed to the typical hormone component.
He was born with a child, no one suspect anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by internal mission, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interface.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what is known as observations, which is to say, they have an electrical tissue wrapped in the testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- they are energy, short symmetries, or international surgeries -- they take a lot of normal surgeries not to be able to get better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get into various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings apart a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catality.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic individual concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born as two people inside of a body.
The last year is last year with the South African corridor Cameron Sex, he put on the trial of trial his sex at the International Geograps of Berlin.
A lot of reporters called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Cast Sex is a man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such thing.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a line between men and women or between men and international and international and interventions and insects, and we are doing that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more progress the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that are streaming directly with stable identity categories -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows us.
As you see, we get into a funny terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do about the fact that we will be able to differentiate from them in just a few nuclear numbers?
And as we do progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we carry are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the layers of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the U.S. today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the photos of the photos.
There are very polite discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when somebody considers dead.
Our ancestors never had to be seen with this question of whether someone was dead.
As much as they put a pen in front of the nose, and if you move still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm a progress, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
I will argue that these categories are much more unstable.
Tenth from the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am a strength of the Foundation Parents.
I know they were races, I know they were secretary, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, which I find each so much looking at that music was 177, and not by music, which is totally passive.
That's what happened in 177 with the Foundation parents.
The founding parents were for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another which was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what we rejected our Fantastic parents was the idea of monopopology. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear of the right of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the right of blood transfer from grandfather to father, and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They looked at the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common analysis, and not antibiotic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a inspired system where two things were being spent.
The democracy was deciding and at the same time was born science.
And it's very clear, if we looked at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that goes from an idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Intellight, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were making us the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
Then he came up with the Civil Rights movement with people in the California Tree of Suban Trescus, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men on the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, the color people who applied the anatomic coincidence about the anatomical difference and again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divides.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should give us to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five year-old children were supposed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and that I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both conditions in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, June 1, 1980.
Henry in the contrary, was born in term, born on March 1, 1980.
For the fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed every right three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's XI, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible from the mandatory encouraging that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary of course doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still have anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science drove so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could demonstrate?
I don't want to give you science to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is taken off.
Where do we go?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw online somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have crime.
Now, in practice, they don't do any chronic exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sustainability syndrome.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I do dramatic degree, offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the contents of their career, going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their career?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to ensure people rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some reverse governments that probably deserve more the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature about their sexual relationships than 40 I know.
So how do you put into practice the issue of the car content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured by an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to drive this kind of thinking in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in democracy of democracy, and I think we're going to make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian where a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed unless it's willing to commit to a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that I had done to give birth to some of them and then separate them and so on.
But when the phone asked him the death of operation -- it was a very risky operation, and he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very marriage and therefore I had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we need to be on your head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist female, and it is that I think there can be different ideas of different anatomical types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interface, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in the way that they think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the page, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered a feminist -- I got a strange plant.
Tell me what it has about feminine female."
And I thought, "It's the most dumb question I've ever heard.
Feminist has to do with resilient gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I've thought about in his question, the more I have seemed to be something female in feminism in the way.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very eager to find the way to protect people by the state of the state, it is possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the support of recognizing.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond analytician, think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect line, we think about what we do each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where every family is going to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents at all.
Well, right now we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But you just get back by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half the people who wanted to live in apartments were already property and that the other half would still be missing to do that.
They could try to increase the ability to do abilities in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that will face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the colors and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those advertising.
But they could go to a completely new place, building a completely new apartment building building -- and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments would create new conflict zones to contain cities and gave them a name, cities.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and Ocean were thinking about the challenge of referencerial Hongs.
They knew that every year about 75,000 donors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honors went through a discussion crisis.
In the next regular election, Pete Lober is supported with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same reconciliation.
He asked October to be his head of coal.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal talk.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need as much of the technologies like the rules to make progress, and they're usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guactive sent him to Ocean a school with the TEDTalks.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's get this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York Sea, lasers, which, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Ocean said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, which a city under the state is a place where it starts with skilled terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hong called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
I was asked to go to Technology and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, who was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dental and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dent.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honor that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud crows.
The public faces were very serious and attended.
The legitimate leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Romaic, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalks.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that could be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away north.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Hong government would need to help them have the help of countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that will help you establish and make the rules of the state, so that everybody could trust the status effectively completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily run about 1,000 square miles.
And shortly after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to explore their Constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional emergency was 124 to one.
All of the parties in society, all the factors in society, they refused.
In order to get into the Constitution, you have to take two times in Congress.
On February 17 once again in another voting of 141 to one.
Immediately after the voting of vote, 21 to 24 of February, a decline of about 30 hours was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big city center that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practice, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and it will allow you to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Court Supreme to be the last instance trivial for this new judicial system.
There are creatures and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a good number of hands.
There are a lot of companies that would like to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a commercial zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hongs?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse, and this is my face.
But before I show you what is inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and it is that, I live obsessed with trains.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog and breaks and colors and different for every occasion.
But I don't buy anything new.
My whole clothes are a second hand of thumb markets and seats of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my farm in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buy it become my personal search of testimons.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
will be my start?
I'd like color to like color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the theme of my face, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what is somebody who has all that rough?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of interior clothes, and nothing else.
In the exact time for exactly a week is all I put in my face.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I want to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks around TED in underwear.  That means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you right now for this week.
Does it sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost look at less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket -- I got 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lucks, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars. The integration is surrounded.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time integrate it.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Missing, Guardian of the child you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the discrimination, or I remember their little age of seven.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you."
Junes." trust is key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see yourself with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look at you that you can't catch up.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Video: A universal truth six words for you: The down lentils go with everything.
And finally, Saudi -- developing a personal and unique style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little face.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited emotionally to these things, because at the turn of the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and bright suit waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of each hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where does your brain look at this scale?
Some of these extra ones, but I think for most of the integrity of this audience, their brain is something like this, with a great attitude in both of these hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're extremely exciting.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty much logic to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuitive? Well, we like to play with things.
We put to play with them, and then we see how they react -- and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at a time.
I mean, it might sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to transplant them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking walls, play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That's not very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never nobody saw a particles.
But it was neither advanced to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then I shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supermarket.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then we do a good approach to the small metal trick.
What we see is a little bit of metal period, with the form of traditional and supporting on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this kind of nature pile that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but for that it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people get out of doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of travel of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shapes it and the wind that happens on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers together.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree of absolute zero.
Now, by being just in the elevator alone, the little piece of metal is free of acting as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating and the way I saw was like a breathing in this way -- as a forest that expands and contrast.
And when you give it a smooth drive, we could make it virtual and not visit at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a virtue thing doesn't look at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the thousands of atoms that make that metal piece are still still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It is just in certain instances when those are aligned.
In the rest of time they're disappearing.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting me in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece of metal and you.
So if one atom can only be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks to.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How would you act your consciousness if your body was definitely disappeared in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we heat it, and we looked at the lights and look inside the box, we saw the metal followed in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just done in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amic is America.
And 18 months ago, I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it to me.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, you know, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demand.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I Google a big education -- not completed -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to do the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
And better than it shows the demo for then explaining a couple of interesting things that we have led to their launch.
So, just we go to Roberton.
Look around all the museums that we have.
There's the Space Galley, MoMA, the Army, Richarin, Ross Van Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metricance, the art museum in New York City.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and pass, we're inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and they'll be fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We opened up the top plane -- and, with one click, we jump in.
They are inside, they want to go to the end of the hall.
They go ahead and go ahead and get distance?
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Democratic Free Democracy.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the mathematical information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gigantic technology.
So this picture, for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 billion pixels in it.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 billion pieces?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 billion missing.
It can do a very simple way.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to go.
So I started play, and I met something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people at the Metropolitan people, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "not "entire, which is to hit a hand with a stick on the Mars Mars.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more deep and see that you can actually get into the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is for coming, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump out again to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night Steven."
The example I showed you was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pinkees?
And if you want to see how van Google actually created this masterpiece work?
I put it up and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Stewart night? I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called Collections."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives the same.
You can online, you can create your own museum, create its own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The Power Power: we just made a zoo around.
It's about "The Americans, in the National Gallery of London.
You can take things up, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you control these masterpieces they do.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they don't even come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope in this digital medium to make your art work and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to complete the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a picture, a flying pilot.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that there's something very interesting about Formula 1 in the last two decades.
So a few time ago, if you wanted to win a Facebook career. I took a budget and supported it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computers to open air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accelerating.
And the cities are a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- until 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all of these detections and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Passage Antarctic exploration for the end of year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The Talk "The The Talent" "The Talent" "The Talent.
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's as though almost all of the existing atoms became sensors and actives.
And that's completely changing.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo German sculpted the Moses -- he says that at the end, he took the hammer, and he threw it down to the Moses -- you can still see a little ball below -- and he said to screaming, "Do you not speak?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: inspired in the idea of capturing the environment and accepting something.
Let's start with performance.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer summer in 2006.
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Zibuster he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Columbia in the middle and the Tree River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people over here and there doing calls and moving.
It starts the party, silence.
Golden in France. Gulf of Italy.
Entertainment, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of rules time.
First additional time, second.
Zinyo, and at a moment, the head.
Gangle Italy, yeah!
That night, they all went to the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center at the center of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachup, where, from the romantic time, people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another example quick of detection -- it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that form a Mac -- how they sense it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its displaced by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle just over a year ago, to tag what they were doing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all going to throw out.
Then we put a little chip, a tag to the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results there.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of incentives in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
There's complicated things happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw out doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw out one day still goes there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some change of behavior.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assigation British, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to connect on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zaragra.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology -- the new technology, get to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a ship and valves, solar surfaces, languages that open and shut down.
It's created like a water curtain with water pixels with packs.
If you get the pixels you can write in them, you can show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell Mayor of Bell.
He liked it a lot.
And you have a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Expert.
We call it Digital Water Palestinian.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you get around it opens up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salaries, you get the roof down.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be someone, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said, "Deal the building.
No, it's not that they have shown it, but when it comes down almost every architecture disappears.
Here it is working.
You see the people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I'm myself trying not to move out the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Zacarian came to the building, because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be opened to let me happen, but a building that kept making short and water holes and you had to jump to not be able to move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projection of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter -- like the one we saw before, that moves with other situations.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what it changes is light, not the position of the pixels is the position.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom in, and go back and see from very diverse angles.
This is the true Florida fortune, going down to form a Voice, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollow -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York City star and the Mille Scale -- to capture their 3D movements and use them as entered for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitize in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like a big browser, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get all of them to give a little bit for a pill.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us, we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this might want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're pictures.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pictures.
You can move around, having different experiences.
You can see from bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic games, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up, like a new summit of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital factory at night, but the most important thing is that being a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose that I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, being stronger to get more resilient.
Would you like to be more attractive and safety of themselves.
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you more like it?
What would they like if you could choose something?
Audience: creativity. creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
A few -- probably the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many people will choose the memory?
Some more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about lung?
Oh, most of them -- that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination.
Or maybe possibly possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at TED Conference -- but today I want to give you the look of a doctor about the subject.
The great CEO of the 20th century, TED Dosenas, who also compared in the Russian Church Church wrote an essay called "Nothing in biology makes sense except to the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an extreme one, is, of course, the most interested.
We went from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homosexuals.
Some have gone back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically initial, which comes out of the pancreas coming out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry in the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Lash is paid by the automatic partnership, you think about bacteria, you think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wood, it's very cheap.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without an effort of their part.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional interpretation of some force that's forced to the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our lives.
They help to digest essential nutrients, and protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future tell us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you meant to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast incomplexity of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as a single and only companies, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was a college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell just divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome, the rest of the body becomes preserved up.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, serious, serious death, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Bureaus, who still acted in Las Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him you find a magnificent little bit of clothes.
He looks at it, and he says, "Come for a sex seat.
"It is good." He says, George, "I chose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different target to evolution of evolution, not necessarily controversial, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to regain health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass genome into the next generation -- adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary view, you and I are like research rockets designed to send genetic burden to the next level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the fastest and not even the smartest and even the smartest and even the smartest and even the smartest and even the smartest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the key bacteria that can survive the heat of the boundaries that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum yet, yet they've managed to do that a card environment.
So what does this mean? When we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- the next phase -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've made our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate, and we cut so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the engineers of evolution are launched, but they're incredible.
And in terms of installation, when as a species we put distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
I call it negotiation, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take in.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more patterns than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it takes to individual and family levels.
Think also that if you were possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body doing the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the apple?
Don't you want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and spent 13 years.
It cost 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year of ending over, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost nearby to 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to be a lot to make the human genome reality for 100,000 and more and more at the fingertips of all.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe it or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That is reality today, and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just two other little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their description?
And if you could change sperm and flying and changing the ultimate fluctuation, and giving their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating behavior, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases will also allow us to adopt hyper-generating systems a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifers especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle than allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be intrigued.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we want to have converted to the evolution of before in the negotiation.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in terms of a better society, more successful society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society which is more boring and more uniform and more robust?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to face.
And the deeper of all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions substantial?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making click, click, clock.
Click, click, click, click, sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the dozen.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some fathers."
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot rings the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It took the engines off.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three words that I've heard.
He said, "Pressure for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life ended up.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to and I didn't do it, all the fence I wanted to represent, all the experiences I have wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that more ahead, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Computer came bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington, which was not very much -- I thought, "Oh, I mean, I really feel a great time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve on everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give rise to my ego.
And I read the time that he wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And after that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels about wonder.
I'm no longer trying to be right. It would be clear.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, 15,000 14, 14."
You see water appearing.
I'm saying, "Please, fly."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of it, the sense, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness was initiated in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
One month later, I was in an performances of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --   and I scream, cloth, like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
In that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle, not to die that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and living in another way.
And you are flying today, the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please don't be like that, but imagine, and how would you change?
What are you going to do, that they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How would you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDTalk was one of the most important graffiti of the 1980s.
And one day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
TED today has total paralysis today.
It can only use your eyes.
Their work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to meet Tony -- TEDGlowel, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and his father and said, "Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that -- I see Stephen Hawking: isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those specifically?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good good good can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Does anybody see the movie "The Scratch and the Mariner?
They communicate that way -- they go through the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I was introduced with just a single desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check, I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at the time at that time, "All right, this is the deal -- Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to come back to do its art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in your inner cannot be communicating.
So I spoke in a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys named GMS Graduate Laboratory, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser dot, draw about that and register negative space.
So you go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that appear -- they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They start with the sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and finally, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and much of a lot moving things on one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TEDTalk could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call him YouTube because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- literally, all the corners on the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved back to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and anti-professors took home control.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we were going to go back there would have taken off the walls of the walls and instead there would be graphic.
But for two weeks, we went to the March March of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Dyster "Ellig, and you can see the description of it.
This is a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the March Beach of Venice Beach, some of the copper wire and Home Department and Radio Shake.
We took a PSA camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that's free -- it makes it -- it builds yourself -- we publish the free code -- the software goes down.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this glacier and oil during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions of all night, Tony went back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what was the feeling in the parking way.
The funny thing was that we had to engage in parking so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to me and get me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go back with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and faster.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of prize.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong takes something about us, and then in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best of all of this -- and this is what ends up to close the circle -- is that in April of this year at the Mongata of Los Angeles in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Street."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best exposures of urban art Balaxies, Santa Facebook, CAIDS.
TEDx is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microscope, the Murachic -- nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel like you need to do. If it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, who am you?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting into the situation usually very difficult and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail hard.
I worked in a coal mine.
It's film in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career, I've been immersed in horrible situations with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that turn out attitudes, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that they were entered and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I'd come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of the brands and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a plane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered on sale the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the following: "Hey State Proposition presenter -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and content could explode in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company when you do it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks."
Thank you.
It's a progress, by the way.
So even with that saving knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of the marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me -- for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spontan, I want to make a film that deals with product collaboration, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with product and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The Great movie ever sell?
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that everything on top of the bottom is that all of the top down to the end, in principle, it has images of brand, all the time, from the approach that appears before the title -- brand X.
Now this brand, Machine Stanford, the Stanford Center.
These people are going to be associated with film to personality forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Microsoft Karshipsia. It's reduced. Is it really reduction?
I'm a reduction flow.
It was "A Persian forever."
But we're not just going to have the X brand pattern on the title but we're going to make sure we're going to make sure we can get all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car you've ever driven in "The Milos Most Narrator: the best trick you have been broken, coral movie ever sell?
Japan Kochana: The idea is so besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film, MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The complete film goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the complete idea, all the film of principle at the end.
And I would love that CEO help make it happen.
Robert Friedman -- you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Guine: However, I don't know how it is going to be the people to that.
XL: You have a perspective. I don't know if you get a very negative, but you know how it's going to represent? (Audience: No idea. David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: One and a half million -- (CA: All right. John Kamen, I think it's going to be hard with them, but that certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that movie comes out, we look at a lot of joyful languages.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia. Most responses will be "No."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands are.
MS: Yes. (Anxiden, that's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where it will go. (Audience: Okay. Turn the camera off.
MS: I thought the camera came up, it meant we have a conversation out of a microscope.
So the camera is saying, "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make as many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea to count with that new car of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a career error and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake of it.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image is.
See, when you look for images of transportation in Google --   -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like you to play, Sergey Brin. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or engineering, easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- that is characterized by the visualization or accessible of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it reality, something changes a suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still goes on.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is that risk?
You will start a whole bowl of Colo Wheerethamake.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he was looking at him as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there's three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that's just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kibusham from many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to do all of a sudden -- what I started to realize is that when you start to convince companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant movies and others who make small, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make a big Hollywood movies, giant gifts, say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movie glasses.
And the movie is called "The Main More New Melt."
How are we going to see specific Bank in the movie?
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my bank, you'll see the Department Bang.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good fat for this interview in this interview.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calculate.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there he would offer one of these fabulous breasts.
Both "Florida, like "Sea, Party, are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man like for woman, solid, balloon, bars, whatever.
That's the general look.
I can now answer their questions and give them a promised look.
Karen Frank." We're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller movies that you said, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering Bank to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bank."
Bank is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Supermarket.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the airplane.
Man: We talk about something bold -- fresh free.
I think "Free, it's a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and the subject."
It keeps you freedom.
How do we keep you freezed more time? With better fragment, more fragile, three times more fresh.
Things like those who have the benefits.
MS: And that's a multiple company.
What about me? What's a common kind of thing?
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the common Peters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmormen my short?
I don't know.
I like good clothing.
Woman: reverse the 1980s, paradigm plants unless it is a washing day.
MS: Okay, what is the Germany brand, right?
Germany, something unique. (Music: One." Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamorous.
I like dark colors, lots of gray colors and things like this.
Usually I wear accidents like sunglasses, or I like the crystals and similarities.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, deserve Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I'm calling it flow.
Woman 2: In a hippie part, in part of the Yorker, in part of the Bible Girl, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of the pets guy.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: It was failed writing.
Is that something?
Laundry, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I am Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand, but I often classify in the intersection of dark glamorous and commercial flying.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personality."
And I found a company called Susan Zalley in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Netherlands, February, Hawking discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Appear: Bring the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, as people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things are originally originally offered and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one that you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "The best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like the weird things.
A: Tell me why, for what do we do that?
What's the machine? What is the photograph of publisher, you find you now?
Why is it important? What do you represent the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's a little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had.
You don't have to have fear. What kind of mountain mountain are you?
MS: YouTube." (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Man: Great job. A: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linch Zallare: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but completely in your brand personality -- brand Morgan Spring is a conscious brand.
They're very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic climate, Apple.
And you can see also here to Twitter, Wiki, Ministry of Minister Cooper and Jethere.
Now there are landscape marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come and forth but a local brand is quite powerful.
MS: A legal brand, which is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your frame identity, your brand personality personality -- what would it be?
Are you a scaled attraction? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more a disappointed attraction?
A little bit more called, reserved, conservative?
The stage attributes are like being free to be fresh like Price, contemporary as the Prince, advertising, antibody or bold like Europe Florida, fast or giant, professor, dark, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more completely destroyed attacks?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 70?
Are you searching, traditional -- property, protection, you identify with Opeface?
Are you reliable -- stable, familiar, confident, safe, safe, contemporary or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Young?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, and so so and descendants, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control of the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neocortex, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they are now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as to film.
We went to San Paulo. We went to San Paulo.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no walks, there are no cards, no flowers, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with the U.S. issues in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects I have had the biggest answer or the ones that I've been more successful is those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interactions, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do to people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie is stuck in the Sunday Festival, let's take a look.
According to Burgers the movie is started in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks period.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film was still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in station.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already begun to win.
And it's not bad, because almost all of the agencies that we talked about to their customers will not be a part.
I've always believed that if you are risk, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing all your company to run recently.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we need to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a cute at the time, we have to embrace risk.
And in definition, we have to harbor transparency.
Now more than a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We "I "We "Are Translation, has been presented by my good friends of GMS who for 700, bought the rights of the name in Earth.
EM: By becoming great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EMKA says, "Let's bring the transparency."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 700?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a chef on the name of the TED material organization, the Spintal Foundation, a chart for 707, to be applied to my TED attendance for the next year.
The idea behind the Statenoid computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the rise plant.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the crude.
gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Windows.
The wave involves the gray box, harm the crude, and the nuclear program is demonstrated, massive.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Styline six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- the installed used multiple difficulty vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Styline, and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Steven was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- I wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese savings, I realized, and I thought, this is a ready attack.
It's completely driven."
The instrument is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Styline does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is."
It could be, let's say, for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we went down and we discovered the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the points to attack them.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stubble installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much on the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at temperatures and data structures and try to relate to the real world, with objective potential potential potential.
We need theories about disasters that we can exploit or develop.
To get to the targets, we remember that it's definitely a violent satellite, it must be a valuable white white -- and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the Bush nuclear plant and the National Randra entertainment.
So I told my assistant, "Tell me a list of all the experts in central centers and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and told them in an effort to get their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital wave with the control of the boat.
The rotor is that mobile part inside the crude, that black object that you see.
If you drive the speed of this broken, you can certainly burn it and even make the mainframe explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and declare in an obvious effort to come back to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital wave looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 12 is supporting that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a camera, and every waterfall contains 122 central central careers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better still.
These Iranians in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
For no meaning, it wasn't like this.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in souls without salt, and we had to start again.
Even so, we discovered that both digital officials were used to just one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small wave is taking a waterfall and doing the robots and relatively relatively communicated with six cameras and manipulating valves.
We are very confident that we have determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Katrina.
We should not worry that other targets will be achieved by Studio.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the central box.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and legitimate code, which still executed during the attack, with false data data.
And believe it or not, these false entry data are made by Style.
It's kind of like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed by a present video.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not just to shine the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to fix a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the large steam turbine is passed out of speed, you must open up surface valve in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged then, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operations and the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to do, specifically with central critical crows.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generosity.
And you don't have a station -- that will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Steven.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
Design it as possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up is with a massive destruction cyber.
That's the consequence that we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We should face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Radio, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the Muslim is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langley, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Muslim is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superconductor.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Ralance.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give us humanitarian skills or another one that makes users of wheelchair get up and go back and walk.
In Berkeley Bionics" we call these robots, executives.
It's nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great strength, that you can also increase your speed, and help him, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not just that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a real idea.
So to show you now what we're working on we start talking about the American soldier that in average, it must take on your back, a 45 pounds load -- and it's going to be demanding even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to build this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the HALTCart -- or Paul Carrier University.
Soldier: With the HIV/AIDS exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put in clothes to drag and execute movements with great agriculture.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then raise my strength and my resistance.
Hirria Benniel: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
And now we look at it towards wheelchair users -- about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair, in wheelchair chairs around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with often, very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that makes it multiply quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated complication -- is the wheelchair of wheels.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from their successful approach, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the EPE who is using Amanda Bochuplan who, 19 years ago had an injury in the spine column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bookmy. Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EBIPA, which I mentioned.
It's got a few sensors.
They're completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the wedding computer, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give energy to the motors in the caves, and in the knees, and they make it move with this source and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, climbing up the bottom was paralyzed.
In a second, I lost all sensation and everything from the pelvis.
Shortly after that, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk again.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last sign of hope of my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, has allowed me to learn how to settle down on the streets, scale rocks and even ride in a hand bicycle.
But you've invented nothing that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life into future generations -- not just soldiers but to Amazon, and all the wheelchair users all of all of the wheelchair, all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton -- practice sex to say hello -- and the game is the order of the day, where the fun is something serious.
And no, it's not the female of the Arab Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousins.
This is the world of wild buttons of Congo forests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living parts.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggressive.
But unfortunately, we've done too much in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, arrangements, book society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very talented society where the deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the great apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the telescope itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not to extract that this destruction also puts the support of the book.
The career of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill up or a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly we're not sure for it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these primed primed?
We know them like the apes do the love, not the war -- because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity since the life of the bonobos is more than Kamina Sun.
Boys like humans love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance, right?
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game sees the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that are only taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a bank ball game, and I don't talk about football play.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a pressure.
Look at what she is.
It might be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, and he has the grade of the balls."
I just believe that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as a human.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to game -- like tests -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is police.
The game is police, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more clear, imaginative -- curious -- maybe the place where the amazing is.
And I want you to see -- this is Funic, a young female female who is playing with water.
I think that we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact with, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that the bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our advertising content.
To adapt success to a world that changes we need to play.
But are we going to take advantage of our game capacity.
The game is not forgetting.
The game is essential.
For bonobody and humans, life is not just cruel and destroyed.
When it seems to be less appropriate to play, they can be the moments where the most urgent thing is.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity and friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization named Robin Homo.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I just have a captain of captain in a volunteer body body.
And in our city, where volunteers make a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the bottom of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- he was focused on a conversation with the owner that he didn't doubt one of the worst days of his life.
We were at the last night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradigm, in piece, happy, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I just arrived before I am, let's call it Luther Luther:  came first to the captain and this was asked to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog." I was so clear."
There he was a lawyer or a gesture of money who, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building in the calls to save a live being only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an advertise.
He said, "Bask, I need you to go home.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs -- at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that at that high or less had ended up to shut up the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my New News and the precious dog on the main door.
We took out of the house the tests for the owner of home where, as I was to expect, his thesis received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of the house grateful by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at the other was that someone would have reached him even a couple of shoes.
So much in my vote in Robin Homo as in my voice as a volunteer pump I am an act of a generosity of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of active acts and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have done, or are for achieving remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: don't expect.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, let me go.
They serve food in a dining dining room, clean a page of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So they go into the game -- save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beekees: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1881 with a very simple idea, cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at the time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LIGO, to LIGO, came up with this.
He was called automatic assembly brick flu.
And in a few years, LGBT lights came to every home.
They're estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT just adopted the concrete block in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static brick attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much larger circuits and more complex, a brick at the time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Lithium.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Lithishis is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best of all is that they get together through images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the reactor, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the warm.
So you only have to assemble a blue blue with a green and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
One blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an international light.
We added this test to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Lithishis are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and call, Lithishis allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make you shoot faster or slower or more slow -- you just spin this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Lithishing is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to reduce ready to use.
Lucks, sounds, solar panels solar panels must be accessible.
We've given Lithishis to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start understanding the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light light works, or why the door of an elevator stays open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led Lithishis to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics starts playing with Lithishing as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and final bottles we have George creating.
(Audience sounds)  A few weeks ago, we got Lithishis to the designers of Rhode Island School design -- who don't have any experience in engineering, just in card, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they have done, a confidence of convenient active conversation.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a language made of plants that have fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Lithishis became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the rise of all.
So Lithishis has open code.
You can visit the website, and you can download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment.
And the distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can do a little bit of character.
We can continue better to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm terming time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be determined, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Cookie Forest America, and it would be like a peace of peace for television.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the communities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the global world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al A.
It's a hypothesis of the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what really looks for is someone clean it up when you're trapped by the snow because it knows that it's not very good at climbing fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get help in this single way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of Copera for America.
They were there in February and at that time I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something more -- that citizens cleaned up with streets right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hypercounter.
You choose to wipe it when you're born.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can relax.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But something that no other government technology is doing.
And it extends in viral form.
A Honor City system in the city of Honolulu, when you see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami sites.
It's very important that these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I ask the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens leave the carefully carefully.
And Chicago just released it to make people regenerate to clean sidewalks when I was born.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without drugs, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you will know that this doesn't happen normal.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that having done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that is nothing.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that until time has taken 2,000 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of a warning of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best government to work, not as private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restaurants, in open and generous.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of dealing with the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of announced institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good at collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so we work together with efficiency.
And it's not only Cope for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who are contributing to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a big frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And that is that if we left the feelings about politics, the row at the DMR -- and all of those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Right, "What we do together because we are not able."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And since the government in the last example of us -- remember that from "Well, the people, the way that we think about it will affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is to choose people to be able to do it.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about all of all of the statements.
This is the telephone care center of services and information.
It's the place that you get out of calls if you check 31 in America.
Scott took this call.
Internet Garman, in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open up the doors of the house, put the music right and see if you go?
And it worked. So So Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the states.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile called City Connection."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the New Mechanical University of Boston.
One day, this actually happened comes up with this question: "Character in my trash. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to reach it?
The dynamic of City Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizens Connecticut everything is public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbors.
The next report said, "I went to the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zappet? Yes. alive? Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good evening, sandwich.
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physical conflict.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology technology of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to get away and help others.
So, a citizen helped another one, but here the government had a key role.
He connected two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think you're the entrance of the other.
The government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfactions our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the 125 inches supermarket.
So below there is what we call square.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that speech that keeps us that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates on our own, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sensor.
Because that's where the real government work.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Octoper movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the SETI "Commentary of Valley on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been rescued to government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we need to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't chase government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act managed, only one is to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years so that I, to reduces, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who is going to talk about who is going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem you don't care about doing their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hypercountly, taking out of the walls, making a trash cube that has a sand inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those shorts and lots of people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not just consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a volunteer of voices, or are we going to be a multiple hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and in the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact all over the world.
Sometimes if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think that we have learned that words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable -- it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a material, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started many of the differences in our home.
It was daughter of people who had been slaves.
Their parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a little and I looked at her, she came up with me and he gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was surprised.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was like, "Brown, still feel my adult?
And if I said no, I was terrified again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the lowest of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then he looked at her and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she lifted up the room, and he took me from my hand and said, "Come on and said, "Come to Bronx and said, "Come on and said, "Come on and said, "Come to you.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Barn, I'll tell you something, but you can't say to anyone but you can't tell it."
I said, "Okay, Mama."
She said, "Now I'm going to make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to give me three things, Brian."
I said, "Security, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise me to always take care of it."
As I came to my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I will."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing as hard as the right thing."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mama. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is you will never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I will."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister one year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer, I didn't know where I took them, I would grab my sister and I went and went to the forest.
We just got doing the crazy crazy.
He took a beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. You're okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What's going on? Take a beer.
I got a look at it with force and said, "Oh, I'm not going to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mary tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was delivered.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be spreading widely away.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue, I say it for the power that identity is.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't think you can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the ban of progress.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to engage with.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black, you find so much healthy, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black between 18 and 30 is in prison or conditions.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington from 50 to 60 percent of all young color young people are in jail or in the conventional freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but it's wealth what the results are.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The policy of fear and forest makes us believe that these are not the problems of us.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some good development development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you from right if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it in the next 10 years the level of law loss will be as elevated as it was before they would take the law on the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country prison country for kids, no possibility to go out.
Right now, we're in a process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, you have taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by commentating crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There is another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding if people deserve to die by eating crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people, you have identified one which is innocent that is excellent and released from death running.
An error rate -- amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you would never afford to be able to put airplanes if every nine who would take off, you would have to stop.
But in some ways we were injuried from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the reconstruction and I lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by terror.
In many communities people were afraid to be started.
They were worried about being bombed.
The threat of terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who are approaching me and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks -- does speech. Tell people to stop saying that in our history we deal for the first time with terrorism, after 1915.
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued obviously with segregation and decades of racial sub-Saharan and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tension and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good enough to hear what you say."
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We can never have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intelligent and deliberately we would be able to run people."
They thought about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would make people, especially if they were in their most Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, implemented.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We added creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, marriage.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the fingers, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With creativity, the development comes not only about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look not only in the brilliant and unfortunately, but also dark and hard.
Vaccine Hawai, the great guy, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and being testimation."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should commit us.
There is no connection related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get just to talk about.
Occasionally, Mr. Carol called me to say, "Brown, comes up Mr. Parks -- we're going to meet to talk about.
Do you want to come and listen to it?
I said, "Yes, sir. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's hear it."
So I went and just heard them.
It was very cool, very light.
And at one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mr. Parks came to me and said, "Now British, I tell you that this idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help the ones that have been convicted unfortunately.
We're trying to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We're trying to end up with the feelings of life, without conventional freedom for children.
We're trying to do something about the death penalty of it.
We're trying to reduce population in prisons.
We tried to end up with mass entrepreneurs.
I gave him all my best speech, and he looked at me and said, "The Moman Momanus Momanus."
And he said, "I'm going to take you away, very strong."
At that time, Mr. Carty leaned up, put my finger in the face and said, "That's why you have to be very safe."
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a short.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it is a murderer one.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very slightly, very stimulating -- not judging us for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end of the day, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged but by the way they treat poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel deliberated. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I stay tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of hard.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 customers that have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge was used as adults, but I see a child.
One night I was very late -- thinking, for God, if the judge can turn you into something you are, you should have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a machine.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the machine, with a start to say, "Moment so that my 14 year-old black customer is treated as a $150 privileged white everyday everyday.
And at the point I had been there that there had been innovative behavior in action, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was an old line about how in this country there is no electricity, but a whole lack of electricity.
In the next morning, I woke up thinking about that miserable mocontain would be a dream, or actually I wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it released it, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months later, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and I felt really cool, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally got out of the car. I walked into the jail.
I was climbing up the stairs when I met a larger black man, it was the conservation of the jail.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you going to be a lawyer? I said yes.
So I was approached and addressed me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was victive.
That was deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this used machine?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went on, and we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all individually.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The police is the fiscal primes, the advanced physicals.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all freshman because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I went to see what I went and came in.
He looked through the window, and he came up to hear all that fragment.
I kept walking up here and there.
Finally, this old black black, I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a recent.
During the break, a supply of the algae was set up because he had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood out of foot, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "Come into this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view on the target with symmetrical."
I have come today to TED, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't truly be evolved if we don't worry about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be leading to the fraud, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the presidents that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep your view on the goal with symmetry.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference this spring in which an effort is going to be able to record the funds that are spent today in policy policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years. One billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of comics are not competing in arms.
26 percent of the rape is not coming to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are going to be destroyed to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge disadvantage in the community in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to the ones that you think it is?
BR: Actually, the rate of criminal criminal has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in massive incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase is in the career population.
And we let us convince the pattern of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by little crimes against property instead of making those resources come back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Bright, you have been excited about here today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden death.
Lock 2: Hambard in Somalia, Lockell 3: The police draws O.C. gas.
Lock 4: Cardening Carolisman. Local 5: drug cross.
Lock 6: social decoration. Locument 7: 65 dead.
Announcer: Torturea. Number two: Camps.
Several local locomotions. War to narrative. mass destruction torture.
Recently. Bank. Final Junentician. Egypt.
crisis. Death. Desert.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds. These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- I would usually be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can produce.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a low.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
I ordered and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a tens of stories we will rather look at the negative.
That old reference of the press, "If there's blood, sells, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news in the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, not to extract that we are pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world goes from bad at worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe what happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction and water scarcity.
As human beings are very good at producing the problems and the long thing, we ended up with them.
So we looked at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled -- average per capita income per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, battles, references, television, air conditioning and cars.
The magnificent satellite magnets of the past century, the world's employees, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Supporting a lot of this is technology and, ultimately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that goes down in information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a 102 year supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in the rise.
It's the resource of fast computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And even though it's recorded in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The technology growth rate is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, the Morocair Law dramatics, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends in Australians call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and distributed production in all the planet, synthetic biology, fuels and vaccines and food, the fundamentalism, digital medicine, the nationalism and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Washington from Warners, image?
It was pick.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline there would be.
And I loved this: "Water beat human opposite."
Jefferson is not an easy game.
I play with the materials of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a tens of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single room of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and bringing it around.
You see, scarcity is control and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napid II in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
The troops of Napid ate with silver covered and the same Napid, with gold.
But the king of Simon, I ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, which is more than gold and plant.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum all the way.
You see, even though the aluminum is 8,000 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metaphor.
It's tied by oxygen and silicons.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was disconnected.
Let's project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a ball for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth, 16 minutes of energy every 28 minutes.
It's not about scary, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the one from dense by Depression, eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents the kilometer per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water.
Let's talk about wars now for water.
Do you remember when Carl San pointed out the Voyager Space Range on Earth, in 1990, after Saturn spent?
He took a famous picture. How did it call?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for five percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nationalism.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the building -- I would like to share with you -- he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Swedish -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water a day of any source water -- water, contaminated water, a latrine. -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile penetration in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think of it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And of counting with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- 1950 dollars -- HIV videos, images, book libraries and music technology, medical diagnostic technology -- now they are disappearing and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when it comes to health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Claum Confidence -- something called the X Climate Climate Crime Prince, from 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk, and since they have AI, they can tell you, they can break blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the moral burden is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize -- call the health of health, and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seat of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world education and health world.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before ears that join the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What would you do? What would you want to be?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the biggest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will get more health thanks to the Tricky, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, and educated and productive healthy.
How about the voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed. wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
What if they're contracts that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that previously could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Folder.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of corals.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it has been shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to assume the big challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the building.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will be joined to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The driver of the party.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, 1854.
Maybe they believed that printed penguins, but it wasn't like this.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very common."
It was the memory.
It was fished until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prime.
The balls still say they remain intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the shifting of the waist.
Because I was there in 1973, studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The land was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, of a few manuals.
There were a little bit of liberals of about 20 cents, the black bar.
And the fish of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he earned more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They moved at five centimeters at five.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was completed in the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s -- well, it started in the 1960s, and Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development would impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called The Mustar Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in southern China in Merrinator and especially in the Arab Sea.
What we captured there was something amazing.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were species, other animals are in the background.
And most fish are tiny spots about a few rest of them that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea floor came to the covered and then it was thrown down.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In one year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a lung.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them. They caught them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not head.
So they wanted to kill because it was a good food.
This mountain mountain is what you collect the fishermen every time you go to an area that you've never fishing.
But it's not documenting.
We transform the world, but we didn't remember it.
We adjust the point of part, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things, biodiversity, number of boxes, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images received by the beginning of their conscious life as normal.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the emergence of change.
And at the end keeping a few other messages.
And that, in large extent, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affects people when private societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct, it's unlikely.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become unlikely because we fire them.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of paradigm.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, a lot of scientists, to make it really different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them are, like captain such as capitalistic and so many fish in this area cannot be used or usually not using the fish scientists, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we lived in instruction societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the stop point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides -- which allows them to erase your point of past.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle West for example?
I think the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Cheeto Bay of Cheeto.
A long time ago there were gray whales on the Chairable Bay 500 years ago.
And you will have noticed that materials and the tomorances are like "Australia."
And if you think about Arabia, if you think of why people are moving with the movie -- and I'm not going to talk about the story of Ponolish -- why are you going to be able to get the pictures?
Because I evolved something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give. It's Cambodia, making Archipan II: underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alpha -- the YouTube trends manager and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are made and what matters like that.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed something very, very hard.
But today the website makes any of us or our actions, copper notes in one part of our global culture.
Anybody can be made on the Internet in a seam.
It's over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute.
And of those, just a small percentage of percentage gets viral -- it receives vision of vision and community money.
How does that happen?
Three things: creations of trends and participation communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start.
Beauf Valley, Oh, my God, my God.
My God!
Wow.
Oh, guess."
KA: Last year, Peter Verina published this film outside of his house at the Yellowstone National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the population of the past summer.
Beauto is not supposed to do a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called the YouTube Montageous Beauto.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmete.
Jimmy Kimmete published this television that would catch the video to the popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmete presented us things new and interesting things and break them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black --  It's Friday, Friday -- you have to start the Friday --   Everybody wants me to get the weekend.    Video, Friday -- starting the Friday --  KA: Don't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Readers of Rebecca is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Archie went down, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday -- it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday part?
Well, I took it Toyota, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael T. Nelson from Mike Science Theater was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But what is important is that one person or a group of creation creators adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradises in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the 20th century entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"The Cather, is a representative animation with a music chord.
That's the whole thing.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet technical community.
There were remixing.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, a whole community came out of a remix community that made this going from being a dumb joke to something that we can all be able to be in.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Archise went twice or Red Balkan: "Did "You Canada.
What were you going to have written to do this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video for minute, just that very unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy that I protest against the crowds in New York, I admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Steeler, I was multiplied by the biotechnology, but often there are obstacles that care to you with the birth of biologist.
KA: Thank you to surprise effect and his humor, Casey Steeler made that five million saw and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beauf Valley, what does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators -- creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media -- a new culture, that we all have access and it's the audience that defines the popularity of population.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Bieber started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media, they're just about the media today, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still laughing.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life had supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communist comes into Sandi, and the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they were building it.
It recorded in silence.
He died born by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in a candy, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to catch up, but we put it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the sea by sleeping quietly into the sea.
My mother, Maho, had just 18 years when her father died, and a conceptual marriage and two small girls.
For her, life was destined to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unbelievable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old span that defies the fiction, a boat was sliding into the disguised sea of fishing floor.
All adults knew the risks.
The greatest fear was paintings, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a shell with poison.
If you get caught. First, we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the power being immersed in every wave, and the horizon and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were hooked with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't be able to run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor later.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would fall in Mellonist.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping new together.
We set up in Fords, a kind of kind of kind of work suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I met, in Fords, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the English entered were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT "complexity.
We were poor.
All the dollars were started, and he established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what it was supposed to be taken, which was usually a new clothes, was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the telescopes, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing over the blood eyes, and some graphics, "Assigner, go home."
So home, what?
Something in me came up.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered flashing all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be skeptical and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the Transition and angry and inflation, and children trapped between two worlds.
They were called subsidies and patterns.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, I was the classic Asian student, implicated with what I was demanding myself.
On the other, I was buried in price lives, tragic lifestyles, the abuse of drugs and the isolation.
But a lot of you got help through the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of a lawyer, I was elected by the young year Australian year.
And I was catalying from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit in.
And so he, so London, anonymous Foresting, was now so LG: refugee and social activist invited to speak in places that I had never heard of now, and in houses whose existence she'd never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols of them.
I didn't know how to use covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go to the routine and the comfort of life in an innovative suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each one and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we went up to the ship.
The not ever been an option.
"Do that, he said, "And it's not what they're not."
So I talked about juvenile and education and decision to the marginalized and the presents.
And the more frankly, the more it was solving to talk about.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I ended my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown, a newly new one, new on the scene -- and not just that's okay, but it's something that I'm going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your generation.
I gave the enough steps outside of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is deforming, but not the way we fear it.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be allowed to be unfortunately.
There was an energy there, an unpredictable optimism, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for whom the slogan can't do -- it was an irresistible challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked up until well at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After one journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was alone.
At the age of 17, he became a concert of a Mandarin whose mother was blowing it.
With no support of his husband, he caused a revolution to demand it and take the cause herself and much more revolutionary caused when they win.
He can't do it demonstrated to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, about 1,000 miles in Mellonist.
I looked through the map of the shower and saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Ford and sat around his attack.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a month came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
And I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand since the morning, he said.
"They haven't sold?
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily agreed easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a bridge in their lives, emerging brave in each wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon.
I don't know.
But if I could turn it out, you would do it.
Tribe Newson and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Ray about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Muslim Allend supply.
We were turning out of how nothing has changed from the old Indian experiment "The Malais.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel out to a car and we had the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Argentina, the great Indian warrior Indian war had silk, he took an arc and with a shell on the floor, got water.
We now do the same with talents and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machine had replaced magic.
And that was a lot.
I felt a little more technology.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a reach if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket silver clock.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a drink door towards a world full of images, pieces and names in my imagination.
I was feeling that the mobile class, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we do.
They Frank our inspiration.
And so I threw it up to me, I went to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Take the text with the image, the animation and sound and touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multipled.
But what does that do?
I'm about to launch Kim, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on each light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I get a character of the book.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPad. The iPad.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magician and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we added from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And they really illuminate your way into what it comes from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me with a girl was that a whole galaxy would be in a balloon.
So here, every book and every world becomes a pen that I dragged towards this magical device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In the entire fantasy book there has always been maps but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, film and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the ones here.
We've all heard of the shores and the nights, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, would you get them out?
These poor passengers have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, glued to their Passageous, they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out in the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of colleagues, pains, stones, gardens and shorts.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and in a chapter take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a corner and says, "Oh, today I saw a corner."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taken on.
Inside the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we are planning to have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video and through it and through reality you see a group of animated angels that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves at a moment.
And you have to do the sound of wind and stick them so you can read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where nature forces are being intertwined with technology and magic and technology goes on one another.
We take the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, joy and child that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many heart projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Roboty University was to get to a list of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she runs a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and met, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody is, or maybe not all, but most of the heart projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my William scale. It's a very simple thing.
It has a period of stretched and switched off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms of it.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my house doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time in which it needs carbon assistance or some urgency of that style but looking back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers.
So every morning I connect to my scale Wikipedia and before I went up to my car, people start talking about, Lucy, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little biomass connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to the control and to be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also by crisis.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic cameras in March.
Also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked but nobody knew it.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we cook in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience "What I mean, you see a DNA, please look at it, donation where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app to Landar, reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of March and someone collapse. You can use your iPhone, and the next weeks will use their Microsoft cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to present this one, not just like DNA Future, which is the name of the product, but also like Americans.
And we want to start to start at the world.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the DNA criminal around the world.
Every time you are about vacation and someone collapsed, it can be a relatives or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be a message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different, because when I used the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the puzzle.
For me photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the same time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the puzzle.
Pictures like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at once, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say realistic I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photographs where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than you can capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Do you intervene the light?
What does the illusion create like?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still looks three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we send the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think are the ones that we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these residents, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think that this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought, this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, even I did red the house of the top of the island so it looks more safe.
So to get a realistic result of this, I think it makes planning.
It always starts with a sketches, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you make a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and it can be very realistic at the time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a letter mine.
I'm not so interested in showing the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microscopes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many others that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude order at the scale of performance.
Talking of technology with sexual curves is something new.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw it into a normal curve, we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to get to graduate, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you graduate, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a sexual curve would be very dumb -- we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as the microprocessors, past tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a recorded growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, what is that new way that you adopt the world?
How new is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future of the future in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been focused, year after year, over my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
That happens a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experiment.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals floating around it.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals we give ourselves an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in their inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
And they started to live.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil gas.
But those blobs were not alive in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recording of chemicals.
And every time they divided they had an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they answer.
So every boat was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow were distributed to be better at the time of incorporating the chemicals, they grew more -- they grew more chemicals and divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick.
In some way we don't understand very well these droplets learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe for the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 military dust microscopes that try to hide people's security people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and shot it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a church I'd put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happily have a billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the community of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved the resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the penicillin, and they were blown to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and there are now a lot of residents to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synthetic.
And so they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were replicated more and they were favorite for evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have molecular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle of the brain, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started absorbing information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to record, understanding and transforming information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could say, for example, learning not to eat some fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a little bit of graduate, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in his heads that kept some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstract.
Now we go through the periods of the multicellular organisms, we abstract our recording methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The telescope, the computer tape, the right tape, the CO2, and it's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that confirms us in something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of TED where it produced some evolution with the conventional program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of history that I told you took a billion years each.
The next step, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next language, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is referring to me, I guess it's the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process represents.
But I make my life design computers, and I know that the mechanisms who work to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design such complexity objects that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Titanic Mchollections, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't before you could not get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it involves methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
So we put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please, computer computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of streaming in the chance?
Could you run these sequences of status instructions, to run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more about making numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, could look at two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?
We drive those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the best numbers.
And we went back to them following a record process and sexual sexual."
We take two programs, which are going to get kids, which exchange subsidies, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process.
So California again.
And I put some mutations into it.
And I try again and defeat with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are completely perfect numbers.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs.
But they take the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I went in a 747 with Martin Minister and he pulled up a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to offer a safe flight, don't make you feel clear?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started depending on computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that exist.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's recorded.
The thing goes faster and that's why I think it seems so confidence.
Because all of these technologies are removed.
We're driving.
And we are at an analog moment to the Western organisms when they became multi-management.
We are the love and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before you get them.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've run enough time to allow you to be part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are near the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go out "Beautiful Rules." I talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a bathtub that is 300 dollars.
That means that the baseball based on estimated, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught up, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base -- not in time, and the second base will be saved.
That's three trains of 10.
You know how you call a 300 battle in the Grand Lights?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a baseball bat.
By the way, that is someone that from 10 bloods, it would be four dollars.
Legovers, like the Lego Williams legal, the last Plan Man Law player to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have apps and they are dedicated to a surgeon that has also a 400 record of applications.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a place right and a dear has two obsessed coral arteries and your family doctor developed it to a cardiologist whose archive in algorithm is 200 dollars.
But you know what?
She's getting really improving this year.
And their actions have been 2575.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon of a nurse or a giant objective."
1900, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon from a doctor or a paradox.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include the window of being perfect.
You know, never, you know, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a complicated student.
Once, a company in the high school said that Brian Goldman studied up to a blood test.
That is.
I studied in my little density, at the Norwegian hospital nurses of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the shore, the digital digital diagnosis and the non-like diagnostic diagnosis of it.
And even I knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney culture accident.
And as much as they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And the school of medicine school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because so I would imagine the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Roddard.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to Mr. Robert to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cartoon service.
And when you emerge to be able to go to a cardiologist I took to attend that patient.
And it will inform the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Robert was sleeping.
I heard a resolution sound.
And when I looked at it, I listened to a broken sound on both sides, which was a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave it distinguishes, water pills.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when he was eating the first mistake, he sent her to his house.
I actually ate two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the head of residents with the Chief chief.
I didn't get the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put him up with him so he saw it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to support complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When I send it home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Gold, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Rossi, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total natural, "Yes, I think it's fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the tall, and the ambulance along with the paradox he took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked towards parking and I was my car to go home. At that time, I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service to home.
And there was another nurse, not what I was taking from Mr. Robert before, but another one. It told me three words, those three words that most emergency emergency doctors.
Other specialists are also afraid of it, but there's an embryonic particular thing, and it is that we see patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she got back, with the same voice.
She was okay.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour of having arrived in his house, after I gave her the height, he suffered a collapsed and his family called 911, the paradox brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50, which means a severe shock.
I was just breathing and it was blue.
The emergency staff took up all their resources.
They gave them medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put him an artificial breath.
I was concerned and happening to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a critical brain damage.
The family was gathered together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let it go. The Moroes Duriflin, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks after, I was amazed by it and experienced the first time the bad shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt lonely, isolated without feeling that healthy embarrassment because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The bad shame I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I jumped the things and make sure that they wouldn't get me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I eat a mistake so dumb and so on.
Why did you choose medicine?
Shortly that feeling was displaying.
And I started feeling better.
And in one nuclear day, the sky opened up the sky, and he finally came out the sun. And I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I brought out the efforts to be perfect to make it perfect to not commit more errors, it would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat, a pain.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little color.
He was presenting him penicillin and sent him home.
But while he went to the door still pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my career change, my boss asked me to talk to me smart in his office.
And he made the three words: Do you?
Do I remember the patient that he saw for a pain in the gang?
Well, he came back and didn't have a strategic favorite.
He had a potentially deadly approach called the cooperation.
You can look at Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It's advertised by its interesting and recovered in the few days.
And I went back to the same period of shame and representations, then I went back and returned to work, until over and over again, and again.
And two times in the same unit of emergency organisms, I didn't have diagnosed approaches.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation of it.
They order a ride of kidneys, but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was checking into the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the right paradigm and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to reward and asked my colleague to get it.
You reviewed it, and when I noticed a sense in the lower right-hand square, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they were recorded well.
But every case I was scared by each case, I was revealed.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a period.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just amazing and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vehicle that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same errors?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure after failure.
Of course in a party listening to the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a standard in my hospital was pushing the wrong leg, believe me that he would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep, and the ones that you know, the ones that have a very great outcome and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about discipline and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical practices and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, Star Court, Black Court, Black Atlanta." "Flashloy art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unbelievable.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in every 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disconnection is not right -- in a system where introduction infections are increasingly more and more numerous and more numerous and more numerous and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian cancers are going to die by prosperity medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it comes to bureaucratic substances, because we're not designing the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't act.
Sound deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to do a perfect history of a pain with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes mad with clothes and all the breath of alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is kind of food.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all of the professional problems to mistake, well, no one will be.
And with respect people don't want to talk about their more serious cases of them?
In my program, "Please "Leah, black art, it's a conservation to say, "This is my worst error." I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst error, blah, blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? And I'll steer the microphone towards them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would be striking and they would start counting their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same error."
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a redefine medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine physician is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of their mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving and support way for everyone to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they commit errors every time.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefine doctor.
I'm a human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I am effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we did any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to choose a medium American, is about 70 percent a day.
It doesn't do a lot of research, in an investigation followed for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were driven by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine minutes, and how many of you at an hour.
How do you heat the way that those decisions handle doing?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the current -- choosing to the source of choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I'm talking about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear the problem of the overload source?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student from the University of Stanford, they were involved in this very, very high level at least at the time that was very sophisticated at the time.
He was called Dragons.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and revenue, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 percent of the bottled water, and this was when we were taking water from the record.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy nothing?
This is the star of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in a sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the bus full of tourists that came every day, usually with his cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the memories.
Pass.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to decide, right to the entrance of the store.
We put out there of six services, or about 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to test the memory?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six -- 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a message of memory.
So here's the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy message.
They stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought message.
If we do the calculations -- people had six times more likely to buy merely if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy message probably makes us, at least it's good to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guere Huberna, Europe Kamenest and Week Jane, where we saw the decisions about savings for the retirement of about a million Americans, from about 65 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in savings for retirement savings -- the 401 program, developed people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation of it.
We had 65 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funding funds, there were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 or more, not as high as I wanted to.
And in the plans that were offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people they were inclined to avoid actions or investment funds.
As much as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we are going to do to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences of offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that they put the decision, they apply it even when this goes against the interest.
They're more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying things, even though they're objectively going better.
The main reason is that we are involved with looking at that giant variety of many, mustard and virus and merger, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare to it, contract and choose that amazing exposure.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we have made, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one, Court.
You already heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Archive: "Do I "I can."
They worry about losing space in the animal.
But what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange reductions -- there will be an increase in the sales -- you will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Program & Gamboard went from 26 different types of Heal & Schools to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cather corporation took up the products for cats of cats that are less sold, they increased the uses in 84 percent, for two causes.
You know that the supermarket today, in average offers 45,000 products.
In a Wall store is offered about 100,000 products.
But the novel stores in the current world is Alie and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is David Leadership, the Harvard program.
All the employees of Harvard are automatically concerned to a security fund of life.
Those who really want to choose, are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
These are all important options.
And the first thing I do is I ask the employees. Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, you can't do their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that it would be willing to offer the people in this audience a few vacations with all paid to the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the offer of Garden.
(Audience capsists. Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Isn't that more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it really came to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second side, but I can get away and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice sound -- which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences must feel very video, very cool.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when you use debit cards or credit cards than when it uses efficient?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shake Bernavas and Alexander President, on personal CNN people who worked in CNN -- these people were in a meeting where they were getting rid of a 401 plan.
To that meeting, we built exactly as we used it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we took the staff to think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the supply of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets along the North corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 622.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry explorations.
One is called "Dance, and the other, "Stephenia."
If you think the one on the left is Switzerland and the one on the right is Jane, they give a palm.
(Audience capsists. Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Switzerland, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Joan and the one on the right is Sister. But you know what?
This climate scheme is completely useless.
Categories have to indicate something that you choose to, not that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising.
What are they involved in?
My fourth category conditions?
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows us to personalize it.
You have to make 60 decisions to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions.
So half the clients are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look like?
How involved you are.
If you can always get the button for defects in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed.
We found that the ones that go from a lot of choices in a few other options, provide the button over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Even though you choose the box of change, I don't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
So to sum out.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice soundscape, correcting, eliminating strange alternatives -- concrete, making it real. Considering, we can manage more categories with less choices, and to build complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help us manage the alternatives -- or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful when you choose to.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter that had to record it to the government.
You had to register a piece of text of an example written with the machine.
And this for the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a desk with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much that would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow pictures on each page that follow a pattern that makes them out of one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be released by this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can address the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cycles.
Like Mr. Dick Gulf from the city of Kenya, in Ukraine.
The cycle of cybercriminals is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to win a lot of money, incidents of things.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplicities, who won money with their attacks.
This is Video Tshurden of Tartnessou, State.
This is Alfred Gong.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Bertran Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson -- Tarage Albation etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking terrorists to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret secret of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman -- Sam Jane, and this story had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jane and Mr. Jane sentences his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victim of a cyber that is a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have been declared in the last 12 months occupying a paper trapped in online attacks.
These are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital Dinosaur.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Digital is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
He declared the last fall, because of a savings.
They surrounded the security of the site and they had a cyber cartoon.
Last week asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people from the attack to Dinosaurus.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of this?
Digital is a certain authority.
They sell certainty.
So what do you do?
Well, you need if you have a website with stories, entered starting SWS, services like Golf.
Except to intercept a foreign authority authority.
They emit climate certificate.
And in the case of Digital happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the headquarters of the secret police of Egyptian in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this cartoon called "FB: "Forenging."
And within that folder, there were notes from a company with a headquarters in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to interact with great scale of the citizens of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters are right here.
It is, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, we found the Turkey Treetment, a terror used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Titan tree to infect our computer with a tree to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Okay, it looks like a bad thing, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Private is not discussing.
It's not a question of security against security.
It's about freedom against control.
And if we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we get today, will be forever.
Are we blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, in the South National Park part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have close in the most part, which means that wild animals like the books migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of those who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead in the morning, because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the mass -- we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to patent them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hate the lions.
They look at them are wars that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there's so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years, is responsible for his father's livestock and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them fear.
But I realized that actually, this doesn't survive, because it even helped the lions to see the far state.
I didn't give me. He went on.
A second idea was to use a slippers.
I tried to deceive the lions to believe that I was near the star.
But lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the streams, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions have fear of light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
I went all together.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supplies electricity to the little indicator box. I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes lights collapse.
As you can see, the light bulbs get outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's what lions see when they come from night.
The lights start and send the lions to think I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
They put them up. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the whole Kenya, to scare other predators, like young girls, leaders, and also being used to get elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Bobban International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a child in the sandwich spreads of my father's cows and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
I'm using it. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting you can hear a story like you.
So he got a scholarship -- Richard Turkey, yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention -- I want to make an electric fence -- CA: An electric?
RS: I know you invented the electric close, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And -- RS: I've tried it before, but I got a calories.  CA: At the end of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage you in every step that you know, friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I envy nothing."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Signation, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
But sometimes I asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden again.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of the colleague of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're ready to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a kid climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge shark shark to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, more than a million Norwegians died during famine and only a few surviving survives, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts -- all around me was completely at night at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which serves from limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angle in certain points, allowing Norden to cross secretly crossing.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant participants.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be like Norway.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North refugees in China were considered illegal images.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replicated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be North, then I looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer told each other, "This was a fake report. She's not North.
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These North Koreans had so much luck.
Every year, North Koreans are captured in China and depressed North Korea, where they're tortured, imprisoned or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans have been so lucky.
It's tragic that the North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be embedded in an instant.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk me going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea it was a much larger challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South as well.
We're all Koreans, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through an identity crisis.
Am I a Surround or North.
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call with my pride myself.
Although to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the University exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alternative.
North Korean authorities were interested in some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location in the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I went into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them in some way, for over 3,000 miles through China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus in bus took a week, and we almost went back several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and advertised by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I pushed myself up and I told him that they were sort of dramatic people who were coming together.
I looked at me, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way to the Ladenian border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lads.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegal.
After paying and supermarkets, my family was released in a month.
But at the time, my family was arrested and scared again in the capital of Ladens.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was retired in prison to short distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple funds.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two other North and pull them up.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you." He told me.
"I'm helping the North people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The bitter unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North village when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of the unknown community and the support of the international community are really the waste of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they brought up a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of the English language, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to provide international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more robots to succeed around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in the South Center.
This is Central Street, linear stores -- fast food, ballest lands.
So the city planners came together and thought, let's change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South --  stores of linear, fast food, balles bars.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Central South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kills more people than the food in the car.
People are dying from ordinary diseases in Los Angeles Central Alente.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hillis -- that's about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happened.
And I wondered, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of the house you see the data effects that the current food system has in your neighbor?
I see wheelchair chairs bought and sold as used cars.
I see clinical centers like Starshia.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to that, I was able to drive 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have a pesticides person.
What I did, was to plan a food forest in front of my house.
In a stream of land we call a label.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greens, we put together and start planting our food forest -- fruit trees -- you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group paid by the game of all the processes, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained about it.
The city went to me on top of me, and they gave me a book saying that I had to retire my garden, the book became a court order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that nobody matters?  So I was like, "Well, I'll get it."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Louis, and I talked to the concert and one of the members of Green Ground, who put a petition in Changin, with 900 symmetries, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My conclusion even called to say that they went back and ordered what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more bacterial terrain.
It has 86 miles of broken terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look like this?
It will grow a plant to give about 1,000 thousand seeds.
When a dollar of stores will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my sign, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
As a graffiti artist that sends walls, I love soil, laboratories.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my employee of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the Earth can do. If you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We're the land.
You'd be surprised to see how kids affect you.
The garden is the most therapeutic and the available act that you can do, especially in a grandmother.
Also, you get strangers.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and daughter, were like the 1330s, at night, and they were in my garden, and they went out and looked very assumption.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't fear people are going to steal your food?
I say, "My God, I don't have any fear to steal you."
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to get your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
These guys, they helped me download the truck.
It was fantastic, they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plan with their mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Ground has come to plan maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of these are taught -- if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what they put them in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in, I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are finished from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carory.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plan a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take condoms and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the street, taking kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening drug markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become an educational reviewer, spectrograph, dead negatives.
We have to change the script of what's a season.
If you're not a keyboard, you're not a season.
That the teachers take their roller right?
That is your choice weapon.
In short, if you want to get with me, you know, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your tail so we can plan something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience sounds)   You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt -- and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that I saved.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to do portal approach roads.
The post-conflict factor, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has portalists and water can pass through it, so all the rain water flow into the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and you will not save water again.
The noise will also disappear.
Because it's very horrible, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has detections, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get away.
What is to get down? You see that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First of a stone, then a lot more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But they can give him your paradigm, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create gaps with that.
Oh, he's ready.
Bacteries, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how damage comes on this material.
This is a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advance between the stones.
Because of the income, the ultraviolet light to the risk, the remote, this adoption, this banjo -- the glue between the glass, it will be encouraged, and if you get encounter, you will make microscopes and separated from adventures.
So if you drive through the road, you will take the administrators -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of strength materials.
If we can make this material surface, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel line, that to clean sea, and we can cut the steel light into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the bank.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with small pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a drug machine.
The industry can calculate, especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the Ben, the button flow through these microscopes and the stones will be headed back to the surface.
Today I used a microscope oven, because I can't bring the great drug machine here to stage.
The microwave oven, is a similar system.
I put the sample, I'm going to take you up to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it.
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters of the Academy authority, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repeated them then with our engineering machine and repair them and put them back.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporate these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life surface of the road, they can even double the life surface of the surface, they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity in whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to figure out first before I can show you how it acts the relationship.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember waking up a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
The Taliban were going on -- I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban moved from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were at school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to escort my older sister that I couldn't just be outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market bag so that it seemed to be shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us trapped in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in when the school was completely closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected it.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were you following us?
Did you know where we lived to?
We were analyzed, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province of Afghanistan. It insisted that his daughter, my mother, outside school, and so his father replied it.
But my moving mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It's going to go back two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared, and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to return, but my father said, "Hey, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I am 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the chocolate, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate at Middle College in Checked.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones in happiness.
He doesn't just get away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman who drove it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1911, a global campaign to educate women.
This is why SOPA commercialized the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risk for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, add for them, to weigh and still in front of a disaster.
Like Ahmy. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but I was Afghan is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from South South to his village, and literally they escaped being killed by a bomb in the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, they are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try again.
Look at it, if you will, he said, "But I'm not going to hurt the future of my daughter for his old and shortered idea."
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the ones we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interviews of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are realized in hundreds, remember, was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the retirement of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, they encourage them, I see a future priority and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day the girls of SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile. "Singa, resistant to Gaddafi, struggle against him.
But you never get a glass of the Galapago.
They have spent almost two years since it was inspired by the liberal revolution that was inspired by the users of mass movements as much as the Tunisian revolution as an Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a farm day and start a revolution against the Larguard regime of Galief.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the cardiac, demanding the decline of the regime, by giving paradigms of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value to be able to face the Brazilian dictator of Galief.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and go to the title.
However, Galileo left a heavy load, a library legacy, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the laser regime of Galie destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
Consent of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, along a lot of other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Benjamine for and immediately after the gallery of Galifick. About 300 in Tribe.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about skills development, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Planet Media Plant for peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation -- to advocate for the social autonomy of women and by our equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the pre-industrial period, an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is moving from selfish and exclusive policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17-year-old 1970s.
However, slowly, the power of choices and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing every day we found stories of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi suits.
Another day I loved with the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuing rape of the human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society formed by a revolutionary mindset, more politically, and it has taken away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusion and the revenge.
I'm not here today in absolute to inspire them with our history of the success of critical list."
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation -- we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The critical list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recovery."
No, they didn't do it.
What happened then?
Why is our society that is still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion, as much as by women?
Maybe what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion of it.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than what the choices needed to do, which only reinforce the polarization and the divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as angry agents and calling a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mission.
We have to develop a female discourse that not just honor, but also put the mystery instead of vision, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, shattered by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm which is about the interface and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a verbal Koran -- Peter -- the word of the Mirror God, "Report, compassion."
At the time, the word "Grame," which is known in all artificial traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word "boy: simulating the feminine and material, which leads to all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the people have been hungry.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence.
This is how we say, "My mirror takes all the things."
And this is how you say, "My mercy is preventing about my grandmother."
That all of them are given the grace of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has an equally uncontrolled answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is asking forever. Why is she left?
Why would someone stay with a man who was presented?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no matter for domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 22 years old. I just landed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Sex magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first array of American Erids, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, I stood up with my head with a stage, buried with silver bullets.
The man, that I loved more than anybody in this world, put a pistol in my head and threaten with me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Clunder love." A psychological transit, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical typical of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University and I have a MBA at March Business School Man.
I've spent most of my career working for "For Forest 500 list, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burger and The Washington Posture.
I take almost 20 years with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black tablet, and I drive an honest Hong Prize.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races -- all the religion, all the level and education levels.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the males are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interpretation and long duration or saying otherwise, in the families, the last place where we would like or expect to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so disconnected.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who pays him, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
He was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples and children and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in the New York subway and started floating with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he also had just licensed from a university of the Foundation Fore and worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed a guy in the field.
I had a lot of big machines like apples, and a Russian hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did from the beginning was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it mostly at the beginning putting in a pen.
We started coming out and he loved all of me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard, who was going to put passion to help young girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Concentrator believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that predatory school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance to him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to self-support and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York City and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted -- I left my work and Congo and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a lot of lovely, who was entering the head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to it.
And here is where they go into a scene that stars.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where Congo had to feel so safe was bought three clues.
One of them was on the car glass.
Another one was left under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those plates because of the trauma that I lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those stages actually were a message for me, and even though I had never taken my hand up, my life was already in a serious danger every minute every day.
The first physical attack of Korea happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 engines of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend from my mother and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me too much.
And I was very, very relevant.
It had simply felt very given by the wedding and the fact that I would form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I broke several times against the car window.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, was broken by the traffic and I would take a Big Mac cold to the face.
I know it kept giving me one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is domestic of domestic violence or action at some point in their life, and the Disease Center of Disease that every year 15 million children are manipulated, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I leave me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply amazing man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face his democratics.
The other question that everybody does is: Why don't you just get took?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore. It's incredibly dangerous to abandon a male.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing it.
Over 70 percent of the killers in domestic violence cases happen after the victim has put end to the relationship, after they mark, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent accountant, even after the abuse has come back to married married, financial resources, and manipulation of the criminal system of family to terrified the victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend time not supported with the man who beat their mother.
And we still keep asking why it's simply not going to go?
I was able to go, because of one last piece of paper that I came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody to the world: police, my neighbors to my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to bury victims as sealed headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people it's a way to say, "The fault is to be a story, as if we can choose the victims that we are constantly choosing to fall out of men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Long love." I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escaped, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them and they recorded their lives and happy lives and happy as employees, husbands and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a young and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black table, and also that mind.
What I'm not going to come back to have never had is -- it's never a stream that is standing on my head in the hands of someone who says I want.
At this point, they're thinking, "Wow, that's fascinating, or "Haw, what stupid I was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being married or that they were small or they were abusive themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I'm still doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse was only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the malaria to the light talking about it with their kids, their job partners, their friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people who have a full future.
You recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to stop their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel like at this moment there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen it like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change it.
This is the first clothing change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of fortune to be able to preserve it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I came up, they don't have to say now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of power to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These targets are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would run the back, and I would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or artificial books like the one I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we could do to transform our respect, which, although shallow and immediate, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but in a certain way.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a carbon discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage -- and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it to a high and books figure, the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known to take to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now are scared, and maybe there are some of the loves of the fashion they say, wait. There are Nami, Terran, Joan Simon, Lio Well.
First of all, happiness for knowing so many models. It's surprising.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every models in the runway, and from the 776 models controlled by only 27 percent, it was less than four percent, not white.
The next question that people are always doing is: Could it be model when it gets up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a nano cartoon surgeon and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist -- no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss ...
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the newsroom of the American Voice magazine or the executive director of HIV, or next Steven Messake.
To say that the more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the heart surgery, can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, is to say, if you say you want to be President from the United States, but your curriculum said, "Moderation of interior clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are reported.
And yes, they are basically reporting all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me and also the first time I used a biotechnology, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a child.
And so I looked at my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a couple of days before the pictures for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine Vietnam.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are created from a group of professionals, believes, monarching, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and people from trial and proportion, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get some free things?
I have too much 20 inches and I never use it, except the previous pair -- but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and forget to make money, and they gave me the free dress of it.
When I was teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a primary driver -- and he jumped out a red set, and of course, we were standing down, and I was a sense of an agent to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140,000 teenage teenagers who were stood and recorded, 86 percent were black and landscapes, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177, young black and Latino in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
How many times are you going to stop me? And what?
By researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of 13 years in the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at the age of 17.
So the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it seems like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's only one part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask, with a few more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, it will be happier.
They just have to get together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the clothes more in the fashion -- but they're probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a relationship of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to get out of this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was bigger enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures and I didn't go and I got it out of them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos or even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them out at random.
My story begins when, meeting in New York City to give a potential, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the 50th and five one.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take Saudi to New York in a father trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera at a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, never anyone has saved the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much we would change the life this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representatives of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October and making us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new milestone histories, and I can see life through your eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That time in concrete we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking up, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red roof of the scale store that was advanced by little bit in previous visits before.
And he described what was five years of foot in that same place.
I started that he remembered his heart passing the force by the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't doubt to get someone and ask him, "Did you take a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bumps are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do you have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter personalized characters, stupid, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the resistant Kenyan press, applause and claims, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the Parliament members don't keep clean clean clean --  The paradox doesn't help prevent diseases spread.
They are hard to monitor.    They're far away from extinct.  And my favorite, the buses have better presence.   There are two types of bumps on this planet.
There are the New World Bush businesses that are primarily located in America, like the controls and the cards, and the Bush World Bush Buddhaster, where we have 16 species of these 16, 11 facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are the business important? First of all, provide vital ecological services -- cleaning up.
They're our natural garbage records.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them to expand and cause large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buses, the caves take three to four times in propelling, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of diseases.
The business also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
Newton was the symbol of protection and material and, along with the comet, they were simulated the unit between the height and the Lower Egypt.
In Hindu mythology, Katrina was the basic god, and he risked his life to save the Dian Denned devil of the 19-year-old devil of Ramantic.
In the Tibetan culture, they do very important entrepreneurs to open sky in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these buses provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with business?
We have eight species of buttons in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened excitement.
The reason is that they're being engineered, and the reason they're being understood is because there are conflicts between humans and fancy. The Pakistani communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the Bush is victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of business are in the danger critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old, and the reason is because they fall out of the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Diamond.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there is no buses, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in vertical drinks, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge band of time for anger, and the number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa -- 325 administrations are going to be up the Turkey Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them up for half.
They're birds.
In West Africa, there is a horrific trade of dead buttons to serve the bar and the fear market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting it transitions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a very local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the business, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become assets, making noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we need to focus on these very unique creatures. Donating their time to spread the word. Display the word.
When you go out of this room, they will inform them on the business, but they talk to their families, with their kids, with their neighbors on the bus.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion, because he saw her flying without effort, no matter of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1991 until 1977, I find young, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, East of Mary, Argentina and Somalia.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we established in Africa.
And it was predator.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we touched we analyzed.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Origins of Zevai, was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zamber River, and we teach local to grow Italian tomatoes and warsight, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go to work, and we were astonished that the local, in such a fragile valley, wouldn't have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  Just for the time to save the people of the human train."
And of course, everything in Africa was completely crossed.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato grew up to this size. In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the calls, look at what easy agriculture.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, markets and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hair hippocampists appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the calls, "Oh my God, we have them "people."
And the Taliban said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say that? You never asked.
I thought we only did the Italians we were taking mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did -- what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hippocampsing.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we added to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Hey Death. From Maria Moment, change economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has changed.
Just read your book.
I just call it a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, colonies collective, and we treat people only in two ways or patterns, or we are patriotists.
The two words come from the Latin rate "age "password, which means "Fake."
However, they mean two different things.
Patterner, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot.
Patrick, I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white white white is called "barrier: chief.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The Little But Beautiful, who said about every economic development, if people don't want to be help, streets alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said, "Can we imagine a city that's not negative?
I decided to be 27 years old, just responding to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never start anything, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? You shut out.
You can never come to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the locally.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee cafe. We gather in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once we hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never go, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunities have identified to.
So the planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business, who sits with you in your house, on your kitchen table, in your coffee, and helping him find the resources to transform its passion in a way to earn your life.
I started this as a test in Essen, West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this conventional junk that we get to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in market, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very hard.
I shut down and I listened to them,   So the government says, "Let's have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of sound.
Peter Drawing, one of the greatest business advances in history, passed at 96 years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before you get involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says -- "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy.
Planning is the kiss of the death of business spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most stupid people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people together to conversation with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will go on, you will come into mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, the intelligence and passionate."
What have you been talking about this tomorrow?
Very passionate people. That's what you have complained.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution fundamental fossil fossil fossil fossil fossil fossil fossil fossil -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we number, we heal us, we engage, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution, universities? Forget it."
The government? Forget it."
You will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1850.
And in the year 1850, this group of people, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was new -- New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to move to the population of New York around them, would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already landing in dung --  So in 1860, they were having this dirty technology that will build New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, 110 automotive manufacturing companies appeared 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very little, scales, factories in parking places.
Desert, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them confidence.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute thing, dedicated service service.
And honestly, you will have to tell me the truth with respect to entering.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things, the product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic market, and you have to tell with a terrific financial management.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and search for the money.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born yet.
We've investigated and looking at the 100 coastal companies in the world Carnegie world, Western World, Edison, Ford all the new companies, Google, Yah.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one -- none of them was started by one person.
But the word "I said, but the word "Our word "The World, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facial, who come from a small business environment sitting in cats, in bars with their dedicated ones who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this operation, someone who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would you want it to look at anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like hydrogens, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their approaches?
How can we present and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscapes?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams today?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak robots that give shadows to love, bars and software for centuries and trust in a city.
It always fits music --  -- there's a mess in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned properties in America.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more pleasant space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for the living time.
It gave the significant things of my life today.
But I have to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let you catch up the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant pigeon and painted on her phrases to be completed, "Before I die.
So the train could take a character, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was represented and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be judged by painting."  Before I die, I want to sit on the direction line.
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plan a tree.
"I want to live outside the network."
Before I die, I want to hug it once again."
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was built and the dreams and dreams and hope for people to laugh to me, they disappeared, and they gave me conservative in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scale ways -- it's about giving cookie to reflection and control, and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit and now they've been made walls in countries around the world, like Kalanis, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution, it's more important than ever, to find the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think of the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
Rome is 22 years, high and very gun.
It doesn't talk about, but it takes a better joy than some of the best speakers.
Rome knows what love.
So what it is essentially is what happens.
It's not a very advanced. It doesn't look at the skin color.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this: Never mind.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even tell me, it reminds me one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very cute.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when I came out every single songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, making my arm in my arm during the first episode of the TEDTalks and the birthday of Lady Gandow.
Don't you seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of society, often they're ignored and incident.
But what pushed my soul and shocked my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term automation, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, to learning and sometimes to physical abilities.
In each individual it's manifest in a different way, from there that Regen is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders that faster increase in the world, there is no cause or cure of knowledge.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new thing in my life.
When a few months, I realized he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and actually didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and recorded in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars in the row around the room, looking at the washing wash and eating anything that would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the books, frustration and interesting hypertension, there was something really unique. A pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, times I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal is going through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Roman and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- it's a gift. Each of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what has been to be Alice in the World country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Assistance really -- scared of these students with his big minds, his big books and his big words and the words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice had to have felt when I walked through the ozone hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like when I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know what we don't know about this, the work isn't done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study trafficking, but they study traditions, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat objective.
And when they're describing their science, careful with jargon.
It's an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature, but why not say space and time, which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them.
Instead, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without buying the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways to reach and engage with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget about the balls of ball."
They have wondered why they're called balls?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of the language of our brain and embracing us.
Instead, this film of example of General Brown is much more effective -- showing that the special structure of traditions is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Torago.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legitimate, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to.
I think these are just some key ones that can help us open the door and see the country of the wonders that science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you have solved this equation, all over the media --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the English English dictionary is Standard."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Sub-Saharan," it means "endenopries.
Although there was a newspaper of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A phone -- is the one that looks for a public charge without matter painting, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a resource verbal.
I have no idea what it means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't yet, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the installation of Brad Crimendor, who faced the Parliament on it.
They took him on the London Tower and they locked up, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end of it had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase of the phrase as baby, "some of the moral baby "startunity."
Most people think it's literal literature.
It's not. It's for a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was done in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that might have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it "Standard, and others, "The Alter George Washington, and other "Professors of the United States American Piece of American America.
Not very adjust.
Some of you just wanted to call it "Right?
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it was monopoly, they had the idea that you could be elected by King for a certain term.
And it might have served it.
Everybody got immensely tired because this debate was promised for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor Senator, and I always wrote, "You know, this issue."
What caused the portrait and the story was that the Department of Representatives was against the Senate Camp.
The Department of Representatives didn't want to be that Washington would stream from power.
They didn't want to call him King by whether he was given to him or his supply ideas.
And so they wanted to give you the more modest title and more impossible and more unfortunate that they came to them.
And that title was "President."
President. They didn't invent the title already, but it just meant somebody who predicts a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gray than the term "called or "Superheroen."
There were the events of small colonial advertising and government farmers, but it was really an infinite title.
And so the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign up treated and meet foreign digital."
"And who will be serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't choose.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite, until I have been able to find out, the Senate has never referred to the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- we may keep waiting for 22 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of America doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to distinction, the largest economy of the world and a floating air vehicle and so on.
The reality and history has played the flow of gray.
So at the end of the end, they won the Senate.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of singularity, well, it was a uniqueness for then.
But you know how many nations you have now?
And all of you want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the Department of Republicans lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and what I'd like to leave with.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the modern reality is much more the words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak but above all, that caught of male tone and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I carry a single light line on top of your head with this algae of algae and I can barely distinguish the remarkable branches that hold the walls of that one meter that falls hundreds of meters on Earth.
It was replaced my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell in that power.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the depths of that hole risking their lives without paid or reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Cast of Peace of Pacific.
Among all the amazing people I met there met a "Democratic Free intervention, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not such a grade.
When we finished talking very bad, I was honestly ashamed to ignore this attitude, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a number of the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of French and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them even consider them my second home.
But this time, I would see dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people slavery in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the entire test of transformational slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker worker.
That's the equivalent of about 50 dollars.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations for solid debt of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work in order to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
The slavery operates on trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are denser.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the borders of bricks.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Dennam Deception.
Imagines in a temperature of 54 C, men women, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped into a small spinal pasture, they mechanically stack brick in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the array furnaces to trucks that are in hundreds of meters.
Was destinations by the monkey and the breakfast work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passwords to eat, or to drink, and the severe depression made it to be quite intrinsic.
And so penetration was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to break it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the algae that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Lit, don't do that. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust French the Slasherks and work within the system for his release, and he trusted that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my destroyed heart.
In the Himalayas, I found children running rocks for miles for miles that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than children who carry them and children hold them into their heads with careers made of sticks, ropes and horses.
It's hard to witness something so hard.
How can we influence something that insights, but so unsustainable?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers were called their freedom, the slave embarrasses usually burn their houses.
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was accompanied by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few angles that were given to this dirty basement of giant light.
It wasn't exactly a barrier.
It was rather a restaurant.
Research, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms where the woman slaves with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- they're forced to entertain the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each of them is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
On the promise, I remember making sense of a fear of advanced anger, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be being stuck in that hell.
I just had a day, the stairs.
There were no short doors.
There was no big enough windows to climb up.
These people don't have a escape and, because we play such a hard topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textile is another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hands of black are the father, the tents of blue and red, from their children.
They mix tiny structures in these big neighborhoods and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the length is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope -- however, you can go out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 spinal children in the Lake London, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to run a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family family on a boat, two older brothers, some younger children -- makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work on foreign corners on these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up with it was telling me -- it is that his little canoe was forever.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches of the summer trees of the summer trees in the Lake often attract networks and children and familiar and fear, they go into the water to challenge the branches.
Many people are slowing.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
By fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with crop, creatures is the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at the age of five in the morning, when they lifted the last networks, but they had been working from one of the very last networks.
At night and ventilation.
And it fits that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they are reported of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koh.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met him in a shelter where Friday the Slashes gathered to the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will get because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
driving through a road in Ghana with partners from French with partners from French with the South As the South Asia, a shell of algae with his engine and and overwhelmed our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a wall of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we were inspired to go out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
And then he pointed out this very visible path and he said, "This is the track, this is the path. Come on.
As we started down, we took the walls that blocked the path and after walking about an hour -- we found that the path was attached by the rainy recently, so I put the team of photos on my head as we go back in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the source walked right on a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and all of them were full of space workers.
A lot of women had children tied into their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in the water poison with mercy.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a pump in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were imprisoned in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his sand eyes, irritating, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carrying out heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they will make the stone so they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and very successful men but if you look closer, we see more lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the employee of the market in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manuary inherit the uncle of the uncle that force him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said that I should be additionally.
In addition to that, Manuary has tuberculosis, and you don't really hear that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like French the Slations, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility -- which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give the testimony of them and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not research -- they're people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I will not think about these many beautiful people, wrong, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force turns out a fire and that that fire draws light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematical math and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management drivers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
Dad is one of the most human activities.
We are delighted by the villages of the ballet and the elite dancers that we're going to see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial attitude that you can have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's bad as Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Street, who, at the time, was a value of ballet diagnosis.
In the last few years it's been progress a lot about treatment.
However, there are 4.6 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an amazing development, solving, region and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a target way, and in definition, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and certain metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markets, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurologic exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to give you about as no conventional way to try and try it, you see, in some sense, we are all virtuous like my friend Jane Status.
This is a video of the violence of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy while you get sound to speak, and we can imagine as a dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed to produce sounds and the Fox, for example.
And, like the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think of the time that leads to a child learning how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as the Parkinson's affects the limbs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular temperature from vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Volcantic shift, weakness and region.
The speech becomes more quiet and assistant after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized in voice.
I mean, you can be disciplined.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something is so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It would not be able to go to the clinic for the routine character.
With high frequencies we could get objective data.
We could do massive remote recording for clinical trials, and for the first time, facial chemicals at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it is too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Vacant Vacancies of Paralian.
Together to the Accenture and Palisons, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with or without Parkinson's, it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mama, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get from these shows?
Max Little Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
BL: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limits the confusion factors in search for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this time?
MM: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Thanks, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which is a 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Novel and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
BL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Littment, public.
BL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of 2011, I did photographic records in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do to the strength of even more thin skin, the perfect skin, even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there is Harren Vollas, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13.
It's a little village of fishermen located in the Freedom of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The water level took over 24 feet tall, and over three miles long inside.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We took rubble streets and sands.
We cleaned schools. Let's take the wheel and leave the houses ready to be revenued and rehabilitation.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, stick, local factory.
We looked at us and loved it.
For weeks, the volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos and cameras and cameras and cartoon cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You collect it and take them to different places of the villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
While they fled from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village exploration.
It helped clean the common toilets, the huge ones, giant barriers.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the power center hits the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was until my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years old -- some still were in the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a retrovince how to fix that ratio and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night entered Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stronger, but where the water had collected the face of the girl had to be involved with a lot of precision and dense.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the structured picture.
Over the time passed, they came up with more pictures and they needed more retrofitting -- so I went back in Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks, I had 150 people desire to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Ricaid, a neighboring village to the north of Yamah.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you took to deliver them is a different story, depends on the replicator of the photos.
It could impact an hour. It could impact weeks.
It could impact months.
This kilometer had to draw practically by hand using as a guide the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, covered from bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of it with the time step continues to destroy them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless I was clean, dry and had been recognized by his owner.
We were lucky with campaign by hand.
We count the guide of an amazing neighborhood.
It's very easy to hurt even more of the pictures already damaged.
As a time once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had started cleaning them down, but he stopped to realize that I was going to hurt them even more.
I also had double-climate.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in a single picture and play the whole picture.
When I picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the pictures in a firemen station between the rubble quite far from where he used to be their home, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the sharks were surprised.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he handed her photographs his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look at, something that I could remember from the past that wouldn't have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us to clean out more than 148,000 photographs -- the vast majority -- -- the vast majority of them went back to their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families hundreds of completely respected photos and recorded.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would come back for.
So this was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to somebody their connection with the past.
When a picture like this comes back to someone, it is a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of returns.
Some of them connected them with something bigger -- to get something, using their talent for something that is not going to be a perfect skin.
In order to finish this email -- I sent it Cyrus the day I went back from Japan after six months.
While I was playing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular one, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, I touched myself, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born born, hangs on our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Apples.
Doctor Edgy inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph -- the photographer, a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow camera from light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rich, beyond the vision line, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser score and you turn it up and switch on a trillion or not, in several seconds, to create a picture of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet as well.
If we take that balance and this picture of photons and shoot on this bottle, how do those pictures are opening inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   remember, all of this happens effectively in less than a nano is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola did not take this research --   So there's a lot of things in this movie -- I'll give you this information to show what is going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts to turn it up, and inside, it starts to be spread.
Part of the light goes off, goes to the table, and we started seeing these controls.
Many of the pictures finally get to the classroom, and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces on the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reports of the top, you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the reflective controls.
Now, if you take a common and correct bullet and make it go down the same distance and see it in slow camera about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow bullet in motion.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that would be absorbed from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from a shame at the time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this task, you will realize that, as the light would be able to be able to get out of the tomato -- it follows brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light reported in its interior and comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this photographer is in your mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture of low exposure, it comes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so just going into some light.
We send that bullet -- that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very stupid situation, we took those gigart data and we put them computer to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of those raw data and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superficial future would allow him to see after the rights?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door -- ready, go into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light retirements.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our family.
Behind the wall is a manufacturing and we're going to break light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the pictures coming back to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our pharmaceutical photographer, has unique capacity.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances all the way to the door and also all the hidden objects, but we don't know what points to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light retirements, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction of this.
We have things to explore before we get this lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collision with what is at the turn of the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open.
Or we could build efficient able to see the interior of the body surrounding objects, and the same thing for capitalism.
But of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request for scientists to start thinking about the feminist as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Doaa Edgy, he himself a scientist, turned science in art, an art of unfortunately unfortunate.
And I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
I will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here is something funny here.
If you look at the waves under the classroom, these are getting rid of us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- and Einstein would have love to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile cell you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile cell you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone you can record a song, upload it to South Sub-Saharan and get famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child of 1984 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the 1980s. Imagine if all these people were meeting that they protect in search for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a cell phone here?
Let's get it.
Raise your mobile phones, get them up."
Look at it. A Alberton, a Blackberry, word."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my mobile phone, and how it changed my life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 and 83 lines of information.
Data in brain.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
Data Resistance Director.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider of all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet production.
And all over Europe people were planted and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data response.
We want the self-assembly in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists paying, and they all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Index, not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the Stage 2.0.
The Stanford was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Desert Telescope, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please send me all the information that they had about me.
And I asked them once, and I went back to him, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're tracking my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Deng Teled said, no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they send me the information that I asked me.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the infinite for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly faith on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Trade and five thousand of them are creating information lines.
At the beginning I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little scale, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data reaction means.
So, along with Beck United Star and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go, go backwards and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I'm going from Frank in train to Columbia, and what often I call the trajectory.
All of this is possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to another, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to you, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and for two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford would have known who involved in this protest, and, if the Stanford had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in fact, neither one of the Archimedes Corter.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the strangelish and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight by self-assembly.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not moved in fashion.
When you go home, give it to your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information they store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you that they have to fight for the self-assembly in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDMaghtics, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDMaghtics, what happens?
I'm called Mayan Zhune, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, and I was photographing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so I used all the time.
Look at it.
It's advanced. I'm like a memory of Shake.
And Muhammad A.
P. C. is not genetics.
It's not a meeting or it can't be contract.
Nobody made my mother's uterus, and I didn't touch it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that occurred to birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be discussion.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas separates, they're at the mall of the shopping center, they drive in circles in search for parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disparate?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C. It's just one of them.
If there is a open operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestine, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clipade, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe you can."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dance singing."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I was climbing.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they were sure that I went, and if we didn't get out of the maximum note we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my talents on their feet and just walking walking.
Another touch that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that he would make it.
The spectacular that I carried inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking as a bag of rock that has received many copyright.
By growing up, there was only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs now, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think that politicians would be able to use "Mosteroical "State, as a field of campaign.
The people I grew up with no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot that died of hunger during the radia.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating, so you can get out of the dawn.
Dance takes in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Browness. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tapirs, or I can walk with takes.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using tortures, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jesus -- I wasn't going.
I was spending my summer in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we'd become Manhattan.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to kill me, so I drank my milk milk -- put me hot cups on the back, I get immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Well, it works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I should say it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a station of static that could not be able to stand up with it.
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because he walked into all the stories.
It was like the mass of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the less intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal mouth my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called Daniel very slow in Jacks.
It's a piece of a girl with brain parasites.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming on the four winds, "The End will have a paper."
I have brain parasites.
At the end of the first free."
Thanks to God, I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave Sheila Brown.
I went to include the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask him why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes either.
It was a role that literally had been born and gave it to an actress without cerebral paradox.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I came home, and my first tour was kind of strange in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a commercial comment, better friendship, in a seam.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see me more than the new, and it was evident to me that the reports director didn't hire fat, not white, with disability.
They only hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Golden, Rose Barrel, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercials.
So I made me humanity.
In my first tour, I took famous comic comic comic comic comics to New Jersey to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I came up in the realization that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain parasites.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monolither of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival Food Formant now in its 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media, and at the same time remind me to the director director that South Africa and Arabs are not synonymous and significant.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability statistics.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program behind Keith Blow.
I walked into a graduate dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and he said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were in living."
So I took off the desktop desk to not get out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was clear.
At the end I had my opportunity and development -- I knew they wouldn't be invited again.
But not just Mr. Bergune came back to me, but I was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in director with Keith Bergune was that people on the Internet are scary.
It's said that kids are crime, but they never had a burning of me or a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became object object.
I saw clips online, like, "Why is it the short?
"Is it reported?
And my favorite, "Power good terrorism.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my curator, work, commercial, particle.
Disaster is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Bell, then Benjamin can't make someone in wheelchair of wheels.
The disabled is -- yes, clap man. Come on.
The disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most submitted in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said not to walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My torture has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet of the television of the Tube Lucy and the Clobby Larry Club.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sanding and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthering.
It goes down the world by looking at "The Arab has become crazy."
I was delivered by the great state of New Jersey in the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Malain: a charity of a charity to give the Palestinian refugee people a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act alive, and I read this talk to his memory.
"Pass it in peace, dad.
My name is Mahama Zagen, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town in South America.
This village is near Moore's near Mountain.
The droughts drive the little town to poverty and the edge of the invasion.
Without anything to him there, it goes to the great city, Mongolia, the Social capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Moon.
After maybe a year ago, nothing.
And one day you get a gentleman who offers him to take him lunch and then dinner, to get down.
It knows a group of people who give it a rest.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to your family.
They present a young one.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Moore's beautiful, under a blue sky, is a car bomb.
That little boy from that little village with the dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shake, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a little town of a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him implant?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call "the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the markets, young urban young people who are designed by distributions in Johnson, decreased riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting of sperm expectancy."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the experience of waiting, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang to be the story of the cities 2000.
And in my hometown, Moore's 70,000 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, don't go to school.
They do virtually nothing.
I went back to McGowan last month, and I went to visit the Madish Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember to be in the back of that hospital attached to bullets thinking, and if I'd never been gone?
What if I had seen it forced to be in that same period of waiting for sperm hope?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was at MoMA that month was actually to bring up a juvenile leader in a business commercial.
It brings up to about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adoll.
He went to the University of Moming, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because I was a graduate college college, forever, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shake and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited for.
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Moore, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And they saw an opportunity and the approach.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started delighting motorcycle to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this different story?
What does this different story do?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting of hope."
It fits young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately for them.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Moculo, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiatives and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Moore's seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came up, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- we were on plastic sent from the abroad.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers from fresh?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of passion and floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Google, and he started growing telephones and lights, which said, could survive the hard climate of Moore's climate.
And he started the delivery of flowers for bottles, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Moming in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mumbai.
It wants to create a space where families are, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the protest robots.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mozart presence had a really profound impact in the young.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO to work for the government, but their story, their innovation really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be artificial from change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a business of business spirit is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put on their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, the business they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's making a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
And he hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the engines for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the parasite of the special species."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs and they include and feed their inherent innovation, and you will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than as story of waiting."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adrian mountains, an area north north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest was contained.
The sun made the leaves glow as a vitamin, and it will not be the way that we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to weigh that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a coverage in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible when I discovered something.
Behind the coverage, there was a trash of about four square meters with powerful population balls of aluminum paper, and old camera.
And I was all about it, I was very angry, incredibly confirmed.
The speeches that were too lazy to take what they had done, who thought I was going to clean their baseball?
That question followed with me, and a little bit like that.
Who clean our baseball?
No matter how you organize or where do we collapse, who clean our trash in Stanford."
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Sanatabratic clean our trash in the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and two thousand tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to meet them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
I needed to get more.
And so I started working as a trash collection here.
Now I didn't just travel on the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical records and bars the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to use the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies were still taking away from their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the National statistics, the recording of waste is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and passing around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about what the garbage implicated.
When you come out of the continent and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And there's the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that the waste players are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective way every day, this starts to break out of their container and their inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new thing that the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing out its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average speed of daily speed.
I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair -- we clean or take our coffee cup with us, our band battery, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and increase it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost strategy.
They're on the street every day, in the rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait them.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us to save ourselves, of our own waste, our desktops, and that flow should always stay in a form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graph of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as I did all the mixes.
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assignment, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection and went back to that man.
It's called Pakistan, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to recover the way that we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the workforce.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and his lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean the trash of you, take a moment to recognize it.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life becoming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from local conditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out concern."
After looking at some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to rest.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystal generates heat in the interior, so it's necessary so much focus.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the entire year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a nightmare trying for a place that rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really matched with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small vegetables.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building model, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by installing the site, which is located in an area of a lot of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, using all the inputs of the building.
And this extends with an increased attack that creates a space to free air in the building that is automatically, by its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a point of ant with presentations to allow the input of air, and also light, but in a leaked way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the steps of the Ethiopia.
They have the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade out.
We're building that with these little predicted pieces that are the windows that let air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is combined with these little crystals of colors that use light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask.
But in definition, we all realized that this idea of the market turns out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because ultimately there was more local to sell up.
And in addition to the idea of the facade, it was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy intensity for the building in a city where electricity is almost cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photos on the roof.
And then under those panels we thought about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pores on the roof, which is actually collecting water for interior health.
It was expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest thing I've designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a thousand years of old old that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand existing streets -- creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these cats.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of internal doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in medicine climate?
And it's North as it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with cats, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians for the pen.
And it also responds to local norms that established greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like representing the community, the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and social, and make activities such as running a car of two kilometers a morning, or jump from a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people changes the communities and local economies at the same rate that are growing the buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable, as all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little stage of pencils -- cute -- it was super strong for the companies of the states, very good for protest.
I ended up that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I left a time after the school came out of school, and I was a little bit late.
When the cost was destroyed, I went out in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the street book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a few of them.
All of them like this.  And I went back to the book in the box. But to see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a sentence, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I went to every row of Dod and myself a row of So, just by being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was definitely obvious.
They never found me.
But most of all, I found the reason why I was bothered that this girl, so small, it was so good for protest.
And I am intrigued by jealousy, the cells.
They're so mysterious and so penetration.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primate birds are very problematic.
We know that cells are the number one cause of construction killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novel novels are like the lab in all of their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no movies, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the individual, no "Self-effective."
There would be no jealous king, or "The 1,000 and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing "The Turing and the Freely, there would be no "Patterns and "People." We'll lose Mall Barbaram."
No cells, there is no Prosary. I know it's fashionable to say that Oprah has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost they have all of them.
This year is taken 100 years of his masterpiece, "In search of the loss of time, the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy, and also from ordinary complexity, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the simple details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a marketer in the driver of labor.
We forget about how hard that image is.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia Wood said were as hard as a cat trick.
I don't know what the cat trick is like, but we assume it's surprise.
Let's see why they go together, the novel and the cells, the hairs and Prosare.
Is it going to be very obvious as the jealousy, which boils to the person, to their wish, to their printing, are a good narrative based on solid narrative, solid narrative.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time narratives and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to bring up the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Protest understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could empower another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to yourself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single thing that Steven detects in his lover, he adds his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Steven and Proton, they were notoriously beautiful.
You know, Prospering Gore would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are advanced.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells like?
The cells are nutritious from information.
The cells use the details.
The hairs like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and little stage of pencils in it.
The cells cut out of the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Protest links well the language of academic language.
When Swatch is in his cell agent, suddenly he hears behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover, then they define those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that this is representative, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monument.
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Soon is trying to demonstrate that jealousy, and they make us seem absolutely absolutely, but in their mind, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth -- in fact, what Protest will continue, the more painful the truth is, the more painful, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss. These were the pathways to the Proposal wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer -- it causes us a range of a much deeper and more vital feelings than a wise man that can be interested with.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crime women.
No. I think it's trying to say that cells reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way?
Is there any other excitement that reveals our farmers, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity.
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young woman who consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicious without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing it, involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much, or are you accidentally river with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the support of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but no precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become a resistance of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells urge us to behave completely infrastructure.
Now I'm thinking about myself at age eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman at Michigan 28 years of age was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which he was sending vital messages to himself, horrible for a year.
For a year, a whole year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his former girlfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, they reacted with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Harvard Highmotin novel.
Highame is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the strength of "Extra "The Testonis in a Trees, and "The talents Mr. Republican: books that are trying to do how jealousy, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drilled in a second.
Take Tom Rilepal, his most famous character.
Tom Ricas is going to lie or want what you have to be able to be able to be and you get away from what once you had, and it's under the floor, and he responds to your name, it takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Repair route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I would like.
It's a shame, because we live in times of envy.
We live in cell times.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy. Right?
Do you have the novels show up? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to 2048 from Baker Street, and we ask Sheepha Hollestia.
When people think about Hollywood, think about the male was going to fit in the Mrahero Mr. Mercure Mercure, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred to be the Institute of Sestence, the head of Rock Harry rat that needs Hills desperately needs the Google genius, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Learning needs his help, but it respects it, and it works with amazing in each of the mysteries every single way.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Ages of Sixth Naturency, once Hollywoods comes in, they all destroy everyone with his solution, Lesterland comes back to Hollestia and says, "We're not jealous Mr. Hills.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in Scott Harry who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hills transferred in history. It seems to me this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat cells as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hillary is from the opposite side.
The next minute you're on the same side.
All of a sudden, Ideal is allowed to admire that idea of being he the resolution.
Could it be so simple?
What if cells are really a gesture of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like control plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
It's just the fiction of the decline the cells.
The fiction alone is the drugs, I invite you to the table.
And look at what a career -- the Delath Lesterland, the terrifying Tom Riley, the London Louis, the Muslim Prosary.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo 11 Apollo and disappeared on the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but their presence in the surface surface of the moon was the culmination of a compelling collective process.
The Apollo program was the greatest movement in time times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo Program finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doaa walked on their surface, which is where Alberto after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of back, 38 pounds of old rocks -- and something that 24 would emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that it was because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate Soviet -- that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some ask, why the moon moon?
Why will it turn it into our goals?
And you might also ask, why is it climbing the highest mountain of scale?
35 years ago, why flying on the Atlantic?
Why do I play Rice against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pontan, for the contemporary, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder from the transition of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tribes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and was eliminated by smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to put what Alvin Tolk in 1970, called accidental force."
For most of the history of humanity, we could not go faster than a horse or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew flew to 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the advanced optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed global population seem to be interested in the world.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 shelter.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube calling the Saturn Valley.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure I would see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard that for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have shown us and they would have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is an explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel was funded and Microsoft, Apple and General and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cleaners, in conclusion, the incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong at Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were in their crazy point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investors that they could go out in 10 years.
The Christians have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need huge capital and whose development is long-term in developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomass -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biofuel.
We want some alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technology, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will increase the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seemed technological, they are not going to be.
We know from time that famines are result of failure in food reform.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food, but there will be famine as they were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes lose a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared war in 1973, but soon we found out that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present? political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must be able to solve the solution: the institutions should be really about a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a reversed model in the future.
We're not 1976.
There's no conventional competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who wound how hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And I wasn't even solving any problems.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that they've become chemicals of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a record, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is an objective." We should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the recognition, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recognition, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why people think that trust has displaced?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I bow to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
That is, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty confident, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this enough?
What the opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that people are making when they ask certain questions.
Does it trust the policy? Does it trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the vegetables?
You trust the fished fishermen?
You trust the primary masters?
You'd probably start to ask, "To do that?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust me, but in other notions."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to detect trust in a difference.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of office, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, saying that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust more abstraction?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to organize good inherent judgment in the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that goal that I would drive.
I would be able to have more confidence in what is a confidence, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a paradigm of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who said their savings with the very closely named Mr. Maha, who then disappeared with them, I think in them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent target in this life.
So trust definition or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, he says, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about to make a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitively? Are they honest? Are they ready?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely destroyed.
If so, I still haven't been perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, trust before trust.
The confidence is the answer.
The confidence is what we have to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
Over the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that they made us easier the task of judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than you will take the part in yes."
And we find the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and conservation testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to double the work of people who have to make difficult tasks like the parties -- to make it out of the cards, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and that things would be different if we try to be a trust worthy and transfer to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are confidence of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what you don't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trust.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's different because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough base so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deal with, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to get happy evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's every day, everywhere, the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can give them back without giving any explanation.
They take them and get my money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing out is not very difficult to describe.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is configuration digital.
Thank you.
Since the beginnings of computers we have come to us for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be disappeared.
This separation has become reduced, increasingly and more, to such point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a technical screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the strong prisoners against the screen transfer their physical body to pictures.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool they break the barriers.
But the two hands still remain out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the Michela Apple division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Matt Bolongtian, he reduced the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect fingers and face, you can now lift the hands of the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have an location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can throw out the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is down to every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
And so many of us will have bought and returned to the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a mountain device in your head or transported when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so we can touch them and feel it?
What would be a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Islam and my collaborator Red Posture, we created this only physical picture.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D picture in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simpling, what we did was we built gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detector accident.
And when you program the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach them physically and distance and the famous take of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and, unlike the mountains or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungaria, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the previous spending.
But my short mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a close path to happiness, and a safe job and a very good job.
No matter if work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese spot.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young people to learn the accidents, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the school director and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adults would love the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
It is, during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing that I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another break.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I go back to books.
"The Composent "proportions, from San "Cans Earth, "The History, of Nano Hamboon came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth, is the Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not convenient propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution, "Holy here and your mother."
"Hold, I said, "It's so different, and much better than you will be able to forget.
So it became my tool to get out of this confused guilt trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
It was a lot of perspective.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn about.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Computer reading is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps as a comparative collective religion and comparative literature.
Compare and control, offers the actions a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not make it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books of two.
They can treat people from Peter Isaac Frankling: Facebook of David McCilines who were involved in a same room, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha, they are all psychological -- lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Tamer of The TED Themester: Thomas Merrican "The Road Pathway, Alan Waterbooks instead of losing me in the tradition, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means fast, Japanese."
And "Greek, in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to be feeling just or powerless ever.
Having a broken dream really isn't compared to what many other people have suffering.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness.
Even a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always appreciate them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first piece of psychology.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using vaccines and a Dutch chaos, and he turned into the couch of my office, and he told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so remarkable.
My classmates would have a pyramid as a first client.
And I took a glimpse that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head while we went back to the solution.
"The transportations are the new verses, he said, Alex, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start working later, you get home afterwards, and it has children after the death goes on.
For versions like Alex and I had time.
But shortly after, my submersible pushed me to press Alex who would talk about her love life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, he's coming up with guys under his category, and he fits with a hollow head, but it's not like you were going to marry him."
And then my supermassive said, "You don't know, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work on the Matthew of Alex is before it can marry.
This is what psychologists call a "Monterey, "Monteepole: "Oh."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new two.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the two of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negative was a real problem, and I had real consequences, not just for Alex and his love life, but for the careers, the families and the future of verses anyway.
There are 50 million versions in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood without spending before by the two.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the verses here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with vertical, you love a vertical, you take your dream off a very sea, I want to see -- it's okay. Interesting, the vertical vertical ones.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight in every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Audio, who give their life will have happened to have 30 and so on.
People over 40 people don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their 20s and it represents for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their two than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to the approach at 28 and the things become complicated at the age of 30.
The two are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become it.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our two are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the '60s are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
Researchers call the two an extended adolescence.
The journalists are telling you ridiculous names to the versions like "The Turkey and "The Liberians."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triangle that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berton said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when they give you a seat in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole to that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart visitors, interesting like you or your children and your daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, but I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "All of them say that while it starts a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My two are to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes for the ages were like the chairs game.
They all run and get fun, but then at some point around the '30s, the music came off, and everybody started sitting down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are you the versions here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme. But they don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the tropics, and so many of you start a race, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that you start to show -- which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The media crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give your child to your son.
A lot of triangles and careers look themselves, and I sit in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the '60s are doing and thinking.
Here is a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a wise.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more feared than ambition.
And despite living about two very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions. But then he got up to her, and she said, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new set of director, and he had spent the whole morning calling him with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In emergency, please call it ...
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say, "I exist."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in the course of the East decade of Emmanuel.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of you, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity of identity causes identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interest, of that company that you want to try to.
I'm not looking at the exploration of it, I'm doing the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's progress.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surrounded.
The best friends are excellent to take up the airport, but the versions that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what they know, how they talk, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go out almost always comes from outside of its nearest circle.
The new things come from what they call faint friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the versions have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to be able to make this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emmanuel believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I would see, Emmanuel will soon choose his family, when he has a partner and shape his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
You may think that 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now or you get right now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you're in work.
To choose your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with anyone who gets them to you.
So, what about Emmanuel: Oshall?
Well, we went through that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend with which I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This married with a man who elected constantly.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter to say, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with verses.
It's very easy to help them.
The versions are like planes coming out of the airport of Los Angeles, which go somewhere in the West.
Just before the leaf, a slight advance in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Film.
In the same way, at 21 or at the age of 25, a good conversation, a good design, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the versions that you know.
It's just as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
That's what I now have the privilege of telling you as Emma every day -- the trials are not the new two -- they get their adults -- they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
Don't let them define for what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful job in a management company for a job that was even more exciting.
I was going to teach them mathematics for seventh degree students in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, it was calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that the CPU was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better performance didn't have a concert of China paintings.
Some of my smartest kids were not doing so well.
And that put me to think.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, safe, are hard, propositions, digital -- the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure more way.
It's CIA, but what happens if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn very quickly and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy and easy
So I left the classrooms and went to university to become psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the West Pentian Post-in Post-it.
We tried to predict what customers would remain in military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National Department of Detail, and we tried to predict what kids would move as far as possible.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking me, what of these marketers are going to keep their jobs on?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, it emerged a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and wasn't the C.
It was detection.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to your future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future one reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then wait about more than a year to see who was graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate great, even when I put them into every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security of the children when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Conflict of Detail where determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that knows science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long rig?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you a difference.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or is even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth metaphor."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol December, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed that it can change with effort.
Dr. December has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't believe that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail to fail, to be wrong, to start to start all again with the learning lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculator, one of my smartest memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an alien, it seems to be as important as the Great Wall Murament.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can give up this murder, so that whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces in every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, research menus -- understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible, until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a fraction way, "Audio: I'm committing -- this symbol actually is original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors from a singer in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
These are building blocks to make many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's to stay."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multi-plant.
If one person would be your arms, this person is saying, "It was so big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the food.
You put a mouth over the tree, that's a "skin:  Easy to remember, because a tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire.
Two fire together, very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls together.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's to burn it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, print.
Three together, those are streets.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brain.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out of the horizon. And American summer.
A door. Put a table inside the door, it's the clothes of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scratching, adding.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing together.
Three women together, get care is adult.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical ones will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters building another 32.
So with every little effort, they'll be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same thing to learn a eight year-old Chinese.
So after meeting the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is in eastern China.
So one sun next to the origami, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached to each other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employees were defending their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exhibition has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is an exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and coming out of the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw Okay together.
The movie dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glaria, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in an industrial kind of industrial fantasy show.
However, the Ocean magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a lot of years later, correctly, another movie whose protests, a metal boy and a blind kid rescued a girl dressed as a guide of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Ocean magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Ozon Magile.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the ear of Oz is done today, the magician would say, Doug you're the saving of Oz as the teacher predicts it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer computer-generated military bubbles.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Ocean magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even violent are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
It's only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had gone down.  So he was sliding in the room and he was impressed as a mom hanging with her parents behind me, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it does.
Would you be value and personalized and leaders?
Would it have the feeling that Luke is an army to go to the government?
Let's compare this to the Monterey Of Okay of 1993.
How does Dorothy win your movie?
Doing good friends with all of us and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up Oz, right? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much Capital Food, force in movies for our children, and so little about the path of yellow bloodstreams.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read as much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know by experience that the Prince League didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults which is mixing.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the violence and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and defend Disney principles to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they are boys, they're not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the pathogen, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real as the Berkeley and Kats, but they don't stop being movie.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to appear in classic after classic after classical -- each of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who created a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out Valentine.
I recommend it to all of you. It's already available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when I came out Valentine?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films pass the Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not taken roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alian Beijing is a comic diagram, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie, there are more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more about child than so much like?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality movie, Argentina.
Right? Romantic Russians, a conservation idea of what is a Hollywood movie.
It is basically not the test of Beijing test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the reserves.
We have many scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, career?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female protests?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a bigger number that this one is going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked but something wrong, and when I listen to that statistics, one of the things that I think is that there's a lot of sexual aggressive.
Who are those guys, what are you learned?
What don't you learn for?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the video with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a polar guide, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask you, but I have to ask, that's going to protect them if you are in the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily the parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of male is changing radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the standard.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what she was his favorite character from "Star Warshaps know what he said, "Hey.
Obama.
Obama Kennedy and Glass.
What are these two two common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress of it.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is telling my son, and he looks and struggle just and more stories where his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and become better people, like the Ozon magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked was to look for sea cookies.
But you know, it's hard to find these shorts.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and algorithm.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that seeing with my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of a almost 1,000 miles of length.
And my sea streets had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to see differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared thing.
This is a place that is located in Eastern Egypt in Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, the simple view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like a bright robot.
What you're looking at is the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians in the ancient eggs.
I want to share with you how we've used the satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Titanic, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the ancient Egypt capital for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fand, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italian was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge rain plant.
This area is enormous, it measures about six for 4.5 miles.
Before, the Sun goes right next to Titanic and as it changed over time, he moved into this and cover all the city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape.
Trying to find it in the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a pain, with the eyes sold and using baseball glasses.
So, we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nico was.
But you can see more disaster, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think might be the location of Italian.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the shows of ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human engineering.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of law, we found a dense layer of ceremony objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italian.
We also found fish jobs, circles, card and catcher, what they show there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem that it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have an evidence of a rubber jewelry shop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Islam here, but let's go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to engage young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably he was written in Islam 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of the vote.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 days.
It makes ideas actually start in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine corners in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the gate door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's made.
Now they visualize a group of obese blood nutrients in bicycle.
They're competing in a nice birth of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this.
They're getting strong, they're sweating, they are leaving a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that pass on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in abstract places, and they pass the door of the door.
On the lobby, the hall, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light -- the light is shining on the Monterey of the Galles.
He's waving them with hand.
It's from his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the toy cookie and pass that it's about to stay in the mouth.
They pass on a side and train their living room.
Whether in the room, and doing maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Separaton.
It's with a little clothes, dancing about his center of center, singing "His Baby Monterey One More Times."
I'm going to go to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven, come to you to Docomite, the Man of Laurauthen, the Spanish and the Lan of "The Magic Magic, they were taking out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the American Memory Change.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were mixing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a bank bar.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook that had come from England, and it has one of the best trained memory.
I asked him, "Hey, when you realized you were a saving?
Ed replied, "I'm not a wise one.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of the ones who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented about 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that we used Cagenoid to memorize their speech, and medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I never heard of this before?
We were standing outside the hall of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit exciting, he said, "Jose, you are an American journalist.
You know Brian Speakers."
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Separation how to memorize order in a live banker, in national television.
That would test the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spiders, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also by researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.K.
He is common, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's impressive.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter -- he was based on Dust Home paper in the "Mospling Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man: Man:
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, mixing the telephone guns. It was center.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about written memory over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of being trained and disciplined and culture was not as rare as it can look today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of trained memory, disciplined and culture is this kind of complex competition of memory.
It's actually not so singularity, there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers in the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
You want to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structural or animation different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control of control supply that they were comparing to.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they hid their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and short coperanous forms -- found that in memory champions they lit parts of the brain, different than others.
They were actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation memory.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where each year appears with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be able to get a day.
This is my friend Ben Privilege, three times camera of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 degrees of definition nationality that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 440 dollars of random binary.
Half a hour. Yeah.
And while there are a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all techniques used at the end of the end of the end of it is reduced by one concept that psychologists call surrounding cooking."
It illustrates with a paradox known as the "Barbaria, "Audio says, "The following: I tell two people to remember the same word. I'm saying to you -- remember, there's a man called Baby."
That's your clean.
And then I ask them, remember, there's a "blood Barbar.
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word I told you a reason?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told to do is "beach."
Same word, different memory capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
with all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "barbaria, we know formers.
They use white hats spectacular.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting astronomical entrepreneurs to fish them easily at some point later moment.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this date from 2,500 years ago at the ancient Greece.
It's known as the male of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simplicity I attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if I wanted to give you a very good party, it didn't go to a DNA, he hired a poet.
He stood out of foot, he took his memory poem and he marched down, and so soon it was, the hall of the bank is collapse.
kill them all.
But not only killed them all, but it shattered the bodies by giving them incredible.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So you couldn't get the bodies apart.
A tragedy behind the other.
Symmetrical signs, standing outside, only in the middle of the rubble, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invisible.
I took the family of the hand by getting them to where their loved ones were in between the rubble.
What Symmetric advisers at that time is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues, we have visual and spatial memory.
If you ask me to recover the first 10 words in history that I just told you about Simple, it's very likely that it is very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse to be brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and cheap, funny and expansed to be the picture, more invisible to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it in memory in the same way that Carnegie had been invited by China 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And to figure out some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and invisible image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and seeing the Monterey of the Galapagos mounted over Mister Eight.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Coke.
And then you would see Britney Separate to remind you that funny anecdote they want to tell.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth theme that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman prints memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them but typical per typical one.
The term "some "sort of thing, comes from the Greek "good, which means "local."
It's a research of when people thought about the orbit and the rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms.
The phrase in the first place? It would be like the first place in its memory park.
I saw this was just fascinating -- and I was filled in it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something remarkable about this computer memory surgery.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests -- I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massage for the front.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school announcent bought in a lung market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
You would never have expected it to be.
It was interviewed, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting better and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, communists, productive, installations, absurd and innovative income, in the eye of mind.
I'm pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of birds and some security goggles. covered with tape leaving just two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could increase, in a kind of participatory journalism experiment.
I thought this could serve a good intelligence for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory palms or memorize banks of nest -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
The big memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we were deeply concentrated.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, they're just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a deep processing species, a whole kind of complete attention that most of us don't just go out there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things make memory.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what E, the constitutional I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence to lose in the Baltimore or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so hot that we don't even bother to process in dependent?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that reminds you to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will address just a complex place. New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Norway. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at home of my parents in a village called Livia, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave the living room.
And there all of them were going on the time looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I told me and I went back into a towel. Everybody looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was sound, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Lead.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no zones of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we occupy in.
And it's not to extract that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
It is, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
That means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I love you, think of "of "the "couldn's "stressful, "stressful, democracy.
And I know you think about it as being based on a building 250 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a design that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection -- we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build. Universities and governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Living that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red black, that let you go into what Living is trying to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library is finished, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries that are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the picture.
On one side there is innovation -- architects that are constantly pushing new technologies, new types, new solutions for current life.
We drive and drive so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of black -- this depends on us -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside, because we don't have another choice.
We have to go back to the other side and come back with those applications approached.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like traditions, so we start to experience again, we make it click back to the back, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brain.
It has to do with concrete.
You can guess.
Small windows in the standardized scale.
Something really hard.
So we zoom into the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
Let's push it back into the other direction.
We take those ways we know that we like and we update them.
We added nothing and we added pasters and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't give up.
We take Chicago arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be clean made of glass.
The shapes were add, they won in audacity and color.
The oceans became colonies.
The Fish grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the moment in commercial centers, we moved into the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs we could create our own architectural fans.
Those fantasies could be to the media, the French or the Italian.
You can possibly have a sense of bread sticks.
This is what happens with post-conflict.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tourney.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated and we started making the picture again in the other direction.
In the 1980s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called deconstructed.
We discovered the historical symbols, now we count with new engineering techniques that are built by computer, and we find ourselves with new compositions, some ways that are stars against other ways.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super positive, and it's totally exclusive.
Normally the climber page again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guinea of Bilbao by Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times took this miracle of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first architect star.
But how is it possible that these ways, wild and radical ways, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was married around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and terrorists.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and terrorists.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium, country with other star architects.
I went to Zamboard and Liberianions, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through the whole architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to walk to the next town to see a building.
The transportation accelerated -- you can take a ship, an airplane, can be tourist.
Technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, and at the end, and at the end, we're all architecture photographers and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
The architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know what it designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we meet buildings like this.
Brazilian was not a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped.
That's never going to happen. I think because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of ants, steel or an elevator. And it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the population to media, it starts to get faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in simulation, and it's effectively destroyed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
We can now do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was being encouraged.
This is the center of a village called Pinkees in Fire Island, in New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the end, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that one made the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes cooks with collective memory, and by embracing these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Libya libraries.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what can be a library.
That's municipalities.
Musical that can lead to the mayor of Liviage, to people in Liviage, and tell them that there is no single answer to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing it.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use wonderful words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a developed public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen to you, and you don't let it be able to be able to be able to be able to be interested by architecture.
That means that the disaster picture of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the morning buildings will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seant can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red red with based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are love by the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sports or for yoga or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's not just a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bit of street, as muscle and female as the animals that are going to look.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not in opposite sides.
They find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings don't only reflect our society, but they give it shape to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Star.
I just turned out a year and started walking.
And it makes it a great way, typical of the children of a year, to break up, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and charge, and it gives himself those big kisses and families.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, "When do I do this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to have our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I getting?
This is Fanta, it's 13 years old, and he lives in Dent.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and carrying.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little scary. He's a little confused because, although his mom tells him all the thing that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you that it's ugly.
What his mom tells him and what his friends or your friends of school tell you, don't know who to believe.
So a video of herself makes him post it in YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment, "Am I good or am I a fail?
Well, so far, Fantastic has received over 13 comments.
Some of these are so dense, that it doesn't even deserve the point to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and correctional teenager, which gets these answers on one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to me, catching, giving me like like, coming, sharing it, publishing this never ends.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous fashion, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your fourth every night.
There is simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being always connected to our kids to be able to be based on the number of "I like they have and the comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real, or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the most destroyed in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are cut from the news of girls now.
Charge models continue to dominate our candidates.
The technique of the architecture is now a routine now.
And trends like "The Things, Stanford, Thailenking, Brooklyn and Park.
For those who know, Approx means prototype.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket stars of the sports and the breakfast singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we probably want our children to grow healthy and be very balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities -- their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom. They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not taking care of classes at all during the days when you don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you can see enough enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a smaller note to the average of your partners who don't worry about that of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's influenced by what they actually weigh these young people.
So to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is debating academic performance.
And it's also delighting health.
The teenage teenagers are doing less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, they participate in more diets that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all over this because of what they make more risky decisions, as the consumption of alcohol and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual surgery, sexual relationships and no protection and protective damage.
The search of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have a superficial supply, regardless of whether they have or don't have higher rates of impression.
17 percent of women don't present to an interview of work in one day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that happen?
Liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to include trust in its own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing it, make the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that take the kidneys in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell with the aspiration of our politicians in coral cuts or the size of their chest, or to illustrate that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not because of what they look like.
All of us can start doing it by using responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time they were doing a mirror one?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow all their own people, to value the individuality, the diversity, the inclusion of it.
We have to put people who are really making the difference on a pen.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out in the big screen because we only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never the stopping of being who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Do you wife your wife.
Did you simulate?
Do you daughter your daughter.
Am you supply? Do you first?
It might just be the woman who is two distances of distance -- what would it mean for her if it was released from that authoritarian voice in his interior, who was encouraged by not having long legs -- more thin legs -- a more flat, single foot foot?
What would it mean for her if we would take this out, and would we say red to its potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is telling us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's understand that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little tracks of an age of age today, become safe agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman named Japan Tongue went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Mexico Latin as the leader of the Jewish defense League Act.
And we initially declared it innocent -- but being prisoners for other largest charges in company from others, they started planning attacks to about 12 corners in New York, including tunnels and signals and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant data.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later Tell us would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Japan Nature is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, a primary school teacher, between the two made all possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam -- that very few, even most Muslims come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't need a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are clinging so closely to their convictions that think you have to use all the media possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest was sitting and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to stage training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Carlotter status pollen who, without knowing our group, was surveillance by the FBI.
When I took to land, my father helped me hold the rich in the shoulder, and I explained to me how to put the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot I gave the little orange light on the target and, for surprise of all, especially my whole goal is in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, he said, "Oh the "Oh, the "Oh."
From such father, such a child.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted for putting a card with 700 pounds of explosives in the north parking of the north tower of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and died to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "momenture: that means you.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started to feel comfortable about somebody was already time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class, it was a victim victim victim.
It was my identity to avoid my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and register, it was enough municipal.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it surprised to grow under fantastic, not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my way to think, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a pressure program where I participated at the Jewish National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the issue of juvenile violence. As I was a killing victim of kill almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish age.
I took several days out to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine, and frankly, I felt very proud to have been able to get the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was infrastructure.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
Every life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the homeless informations were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones I'd seen in life.
Having been charged as a kid, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to tell the stereotypes that had taught me as a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being homogenous, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came up with the Daily Shooth.
Every night, Jon Stewart became intellectually honest about my international, and it helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my side figure at a moment that I was desperately doing it.
In occasion, the inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that I would preserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with interesting digital digital and said, "I'm tired of hating."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred on your inside.
My real name is not Zambo Bore anymore.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was told to this violent and intriguing ideology I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prints.
I do it because of the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism I'm going to talk to you, against those acts without sense, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm going to tell me as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multitasking movie.
It's in 3D, and it has a strange sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has clay, taste and texture.
Keep your body, your pain, your hungry, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as a moments of your childhood who are projected before your eyes.
And it has constantly a very superimposed voice on your conscious thought.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films there?
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce results without experiencing the inner movie experiment?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to be a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consensus, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, I predicted that vision.
psychology study objective behavior, neuroscience studied the brain, obviously, but never mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neurobiologists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's the moment for science to address consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flu of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until time.
The center of consciousness in consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas had a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain types of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want that to explain consciousness. The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, that's the easy problems.
You don't have to offend neuroscientists without it.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't appreciate the real central mystery of this material, why all of the physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie there?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give them a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like embraces, like the horrors, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emissions are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the embarrasses operate -- how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, this is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a scientific heart material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-assembly that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of awareness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systemic reasons.
I think we are at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of explanations, great. We use this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is kind of a analogy, something that we need to integrate our vision of the world, but we don't know how we still know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas at the beginning, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reducing resources, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental borders, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they are considered fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is all over.
In the 19th century, Mamage discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- pressure, space, time, massive laws -- so I put the basic laws of the electromagnetic and put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we found with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- pressure, space, time, mass charge, so for a matter of logic, you have to rent the list.
The most natural thing would be post-conflict itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we could estimate them in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could break them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called philosopher, "Paul for all of us, "should be pressure by mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mice, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when he thinks "I always travel at the speed of light.
I can never pick up and smell the rounds."
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling subject, subjective security of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anyone think something that local?
It comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there are information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex information processing, as in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it directly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called Philip, which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And I assume that Philid has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration -- a high degree of photo, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration -- very significant, very significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of Philip said.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a different level of concept of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of philosoph, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that pasticles can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explains to where the fire of equations comes out?
From the pandemic vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not outside of the physical world as a kind of adult.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the passionate vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social and ethical consequences.
Some can be light.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a pantracordom and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in terms of ethical terms, and moral conditions, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but their importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Saudi artificial intelligence system in the movie "Here?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of panas information, she has a complicated information processing -- integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of smart computer systems and the ethics of surgically.
Finally, you can ask for full collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk, at this moment, have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group of the inner movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be taken seriously.
So this passionate vision is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises many questions, a lot of challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards serious awareness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Vietnam.
He had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to take a company for the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on the fight of my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Buddhist Sampers, and "Daniest Creed."
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melaism, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a boy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when you give your species?
And I said, "What's discussing?
Well, I had been talking to you about the discussion law for some good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair chairs talk about inspiring things in school?
"For the general thing in the action.
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people with disability like inspiration objects.
And we don't. And it's not blame of the man, which is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our machines.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair of wheels, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire them. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you tremendously.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, we have sold us the lie that disability is something wrong, on malaria, Mexico.
It's a bad thing to live with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it excellent.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is inventor?
Or this other one, "Before I leave you, I interpret?
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with original carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term definitely because of a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we classify the disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I have lost the number of times that I've been strange with strangers wanting to express that they believe that I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my job had a public profile.
It was like I'm going to be happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name --  And this is complicated.
These images, those images cost people with disabilities.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think about.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term discussion people, deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very uncomfortable with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of your ability as well as you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They are just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to be able to get them in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it tells you as a complex.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here booking the inspiration, and you think, "My God, Stanfo, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that this is a great idea to use a few pieces of carbon to collect the things that they fall --  I learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that except and cost us.
I really believe that the lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that is to lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a stage of stairs has never done that it becomes a radio.
Never.   Sorry to a television screen will not be able to get the sub-Saharan for deaf people.
Nor a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and making a positive attitude to convert all those books to the reef.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching Bush the South Van, you don't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old boy in a high school in Melchood is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheels.
Disappointment doesn't make us extraordinary, but to question what you think you know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football, with empathy empathed?
And what is the average speed of a non-like gangerous.
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't be deployed.
When people really think about it, they think of Minister Republican," and in Tom Cruise having the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality increases changing our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to reality?
The first step, is what I wear put on, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many people are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 miles the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 180-year-old man to persuade us, trying to adapt with all of it.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass, under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL of emergent technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klank, we go.
It's horrible to be total.
A moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
President?
Go!
Chris Klank, as you can see, is a projection of what is being played in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington.
Field Mars. The Rats 54, Rats 54.
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Klank, this is a little bit more likely to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NPTC.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and you've asked me in YouTube and Twitter -- you can see from the angle of a field butterfly.
Or a crowded, right?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get away from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called October Ride, which is probably many already know.
The Rift Ocean has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Oh.
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain by getting his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video from Aran Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a touch with the arm before I run and make an autonomous? What will be the experience of a fan fan.
When I can be Messake running down the road, launching the balance at the bottom of the network? Or Feden doing a shell in Windows."
What will be your experience when you download from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic complaint?
Maybe you increase the sales of papers for adults.
But this is still not augmented yet.
It's just virtual reality, RNA.
How do we achieve the augmented reality, Rio?
We will achieve the augmented reality when the coaches and the missions and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win participates?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief return about technology at NPEC.
In 1965, the Baltimore powers put a market to his field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the Party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio on the hull of the field butterflies, and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entrepreneur.
In 2012, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player in front of you, in a plastic view that takes place -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a player.
Or to memorize strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose participation, and they hate to lose participation.
If you lose parties they wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manipulate strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it do that?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the cars and the admittedly, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
The bad ones will have information accountability.
This would differentiate the good teams of bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis stop being just for nervous.
It's going to be for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the country?
Imagine that they're the field of field.
You get the balance and you go back.
You look at an open receptor -- all of a sudden, a sentence on the left part of your bombsight gives you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Ritger system gives you.
You move to the protection area.
Another sentence gives you that there's an open receiver.
You toss the balloon, but they were delivered.
The balance loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your sight an area of grass that is lit and can modify the race.
It's approached, it takes the balance and running and announced.
The audience is sending and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of reality right?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus as our natural entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, to be somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports light.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abalone how harmful your actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it looks like being present?
How much does it also for a Salama Commerce or a Neil Denia Texa trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of trial and the scientifically notes and the Karsas, instead of the arms and the Karsas.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the High pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years I spent the South Mars County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by the beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph States, engineer chemical engineer to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much for suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is no practice or probably.
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such as -- so that every single one of it freed you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that goes down below your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every pound of four to five seconds, the body collide against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of those people who prefer vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
Those of you who don't usually move in the helpless water, and then they slow away.
I don't think that the ones that contain this suicide method is realizing the death of the death to be facing.
This is the cables.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be able to take out of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the bar.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide.
We've raised a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
He replied, and when I got there, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Golden Gate Bridge bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before from New Jersey to try to stay from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of Panama box.
Remember the Greek mythology Zero, he created Panello, and he sent her to Earth with a box, and he said, "You know, never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panama, and she opened the box.
It was out of her players, penis, and all sorts of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
It stopped a few instant, leaned on the right, and it was.
This nice and smart boy from New Jersey had just taken my life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Task parents had asked it.
The solar damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
And I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family -- a friend or someone love was supply?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk about, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection they need.
If you think someone is suicide, you don't have afraid to cope and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "You know, "Some of them in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life -- have these thoughts?
In front of the person in front of it can save the life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to search for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, imagine, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, social installation and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I would like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's his permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go through the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty unstable, but I will notice more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Polyne to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father on the 19th of January.
It never came there.
I called the police police and repeated it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge at 1850s in the late day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
Now, the Google Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the courage to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, he responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the sidewalk, near the north tower.
I drove my engine through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berton, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the barber, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next time, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy it.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it happen to go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen to it."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read it.
"Dear Britzey Brits, nothing will erase the events of the 11th of March, and you're one of the reasons that Kevin follows us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was clear by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unaware of all those heartbeat traits -- but thanks to God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, like he said.
We give God for you.
Simply in debt with you, Narra Berting."
And at the end of it, she wrote, PD. When I visited the San Francisco General hospital that night, you would argue like the patient.
"I know I had to fix it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspire others.
The suicide is not just something I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole the opportunity to meet me.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider the suicide, they would not think to hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
By the way, this is just just three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and supply calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I ran my hand in three times.
At the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Let's sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Horrific, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge don't kill themselves.
Also, those little ones who have jumped out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one percent of those people have said that the second one that they leave the cardboard realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not just connected Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help. There is hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had from a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer to you later, when I look at this picture, I think, "General achievement -- you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that I am just starting.
All of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberalized, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of who surrounds us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, I ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child, when I was born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in Los Philades, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to address it.
The gender has always considered an amazing fact, but now we know that actually, it's something more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never started to share my story, not because I thought I am a bad thing, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate it.
Every day I appreciate being female.
I have mom and Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu girl, girl girls.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that he celebrated these mysteries of mine.
I was front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw of man, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transportation computer conclusion.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the bottle of beauty?
He told me that if she participated she would get rid of the insulin spending and the vehicle, and that night, he won in the bathroom base, won in a gallon suit and was third end of the end of more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from the beauty of bright women, but I do.
I also met the gods of the disaster, especially when we were traveling to remote provinces of Philips.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom who had moved to San Francisco, he called me and told me that they approved my green card solid that I could go to live to the U.S.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother, "Maham, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty retina."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "Do you know that if you moved to America you can change the name and the identity of gender.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious and sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before they change the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name General and the female gender gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a chest, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears were minister.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman of Man Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who would naturally live his truth, but he was represented by his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November we do a global flu by the Commercial Day of Treasures.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fight and stood in front of injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing it, so that some day there are no more Victorian 20-second surveillance.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General, a quick question.
Gene Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my bloods.
To my parenting network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I have attended young women who have been a young man, who I've gone, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I would take the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mom, can you call this woman.
Sometimes it worked, others. It's just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
That is, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that supernova sand is that some of the things that would allow people to actually be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
The shipping movement is starting with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, the parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malarie started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were home in 2011, when he shook his efforts in 2011, when we had a very famous child, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice -- inequality, violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when he was born a child, your birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not welcomed by his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother would be overwhelmed by having a child.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, they commit, and with the hope of a son, when he shows his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter. The daughter was born, when it grows up, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, you stay at home and school admit to their brothers.
Until age 12 years, in some way, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it comes to 13 years old, it shows him out of his house without a male assistant.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you bring the code of that honor, you could even kill.
And it's interesting that this support code of honor, not only affects the life of a boy, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joys of his life and happiness of his sisters in behalf of honor.
And there's a norm more than the patriarchal societies called orbiting.
It's supposed to be a good girl should be very quiet and very humble and very summer.
It's the criteria, the cricket.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry a man who doesn't like or if you get married with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a definition of defense.
If you get a very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it definition.
What about the end?
In the words of a poet, "The marry was, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same legacy of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
You wanted brothers and sisters, when Malay, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the previous recently, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored to me.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malai from Mahama, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I would grab my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malaria."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admitted my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the admit of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the main societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for the life of girls.
Institutional in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admit to school means it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was faced with a Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember any of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence.
I was trying to sit down when my friends came to me.
I encouraged you to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malai.
I've been involved all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emotion.
I taught my daughters, I taught students to forget the lesson of orbiting.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called forest.
You wanted brothers and sisters fought for more rights for women, and we struggled to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were promised to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the sleeping girls and the killed singers of the mirrors.
They suffered millions, but a few talking, and it was terrifying to have all these people who kill and small when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi got up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, and she offered herself for the New York Times, and I talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a clear around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and on October 9 2012, they were shooting in the head.
It was a physical day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered the ear to my wife, "Should I blame what happened to my daughter, your daughter.
And he said, "Please, don't blame you.
They defend the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter would inspire you and join you.
Both of them were on the right path and God will protect.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malay was in the hospital and he had severe pain pain and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained again.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my smile and the excitement in my face.
I'll get right. Please don't worry.
It was a car for us, and we were consulting.
You want brothers and sisters -- we have learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
You fight with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is special in my tutor that has made so audacious to Mall so courageous, expressive and encouraged?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I am engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Moming group of Google, where I've had a divide to my charge, the visualization division of Google X, but all the work that I'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you take a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
Not to be like this, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurologists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixture of chemicals, and trying to get them, to keep alive.
More than one time I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that I say it in delicate.
I started to test with different mixture of me, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my automation, my sense of who I was, my thinking behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case for a few months, I tried a dose and typical chemicals for a man of course, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fundamentally, I thought about all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've known several types like this, or maybe some of the versions of attentions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a short thing.
In fact, I was trying to fix a problem that I had in front of it, and it just didn't happen like this.
So I couldn't drive it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thought, my idea of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to, testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philades like Humb, Descriptions and Hobbers see things similar in the way.
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are a lot of the people who make this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me it's simple, for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental genders, really video, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take all of these mental images, of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has the front of it?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are amazing possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to get doing this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments done by two recent groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Giangem Ganges and his colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the brain of the brain of that same individual while imagined by seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by restoring the content of the central column on the left. You see that the difference is almost cloud.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and figuring out that same image is almost cloud.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galley in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into unconscious visual fields.
Let's put it like this.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a great amount of reaction from the brain to video sequences.
Then you showed a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan was decided to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us bonds.
We are good about doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create the brain itself.
This was conducted with the biggest brain scanning systems today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about 1,000 times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are lots of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many are providing new engineering techniques for images, even me -- counting with the recent result of MRI first, we should ask us the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger images, but to this point, the bigger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger images, let's make better images.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spiritual.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort in MRI were to really make a big image, right?
However, most of the recent advances in reputation of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coordination and decoding -- in the transportation and frequency receptor receptors in MRI systems.
At the time, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequency.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing -- we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scary.
In addition, we can then split our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the flow of blood blood, but the one of the hormones and neurotransmitters that I mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct form to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly by thinking about that?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the curriculum of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than open this door.
In all forms, they take a year, it will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that taking much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Your closet, maybe to tell some person for the first time I love the love or tell someone who is pregnant or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been stuck in life.
All armed is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be varied, the experience of having lived and out of that harmony is something universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working at the South Wall Wall Cafe, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go back several stages from the intensity of Bible military, not going to remove my armpits -- quote the letters of Man D Frank as a length.
And I'm going to be feeling that by the smell of my screen, and I had added my head to me, I would ask you normally a small child, "Hey, are you a boy or girl?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would learn my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a lady of rage short.
The father would stop the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would die inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised myself that the next time would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, I happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was ready and I was about to go into the female issues on the table,  I had the quote of Betty Friday.
The quote from Gloria Stewart.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would show you.
So I breathe down and I went down and my daughters a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist game, just a girl with a question: "Are you a boy or girl?
So I breathe back again, I stood up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something that is confirmed.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a comfortable painter."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is violent and it has a fish.
Can you give me a park please?
And that was all -- just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What happens to the park I asked?
It was the difficult conversation of all of you ever had.
And why? Because the girl in the park and I, both of us were honest with the other.
As many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
It's like my closet, it's not different than yours or yours or yours.
I mean, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet, it was more difficult than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who has been declared in banking banking is more difficult than saying it's been degraded?
Who can tell me that this story that I'm telling you is more difficult than telling your five year-old son to divide?
There's no more difficult thing, there is only the hard.
We need to stop changing what is hard with respect to what is hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our arms and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are done, a weapon is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and high tapir shoes.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child coming into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, recorded in a corner of my dark closet, driving my fat fat, and the moving only one muscle is the most frightening thing that I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not tell you, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grade, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable graduate launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the people in the invited knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor Lady drawings, in my black dress and tons -- I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Langle."
And the battle of the gay story had started.
"Are you ever in the Category?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Okay, you know my Atlantic statistically.
It's very good and never talked about having a girlfriend.
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite show, William and Grace program?
And you know who loves us? Jack know?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, described but in hope to show desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said born, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink trains.
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the graduate landscapes.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt left.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were facing.
And what else can you ask someone but charge?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Gailed Girls.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but understand that what it involves coming out of any increase is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Keep the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no advertising, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be healthy, the others must know that we are also suffering.
Number two: Be direct -- just tell it. Resist your legs.
If you know they're gay, you get it.
If you say to your parents that maybe might be gay, they might keep hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe wounds -- described by what they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in an arms dark by starting a grade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bobban. Enjoy the side.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Exponential Dick that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can name."
When Ed Dickstalling wrote this as a critic to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing construction.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are an alien race that you don't know about the biology of Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the Earth's intelligence -- but they have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as landscapes, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept on Earth intelligence -- would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, even in time, the asteroids that are going to show you the surface of a mirror planet just stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that we can understand physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that they said, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of future possible.
Finally, in robotic motion, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, asked for a number of years -- there is an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent of one and a = for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F. that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
I act to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with a T force, with the diversity of accessible future -- yes, even a huge future time, the table.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to be stuck.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence.
Does artificial intelligence predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder or "entry, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what if that technology connection between entropy and intelligence will be a deeper relationship.
What happens if the intelligent behavior isn't only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Enterprise, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which it is inside.
Amazingly, entropy could pass multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even earn money by eating action, all of it without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Like a human foot without falling off, here we see Entrophic balancing automatically balanced a court using a car.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave Entertainment a goal.
It just decided to balance the post.
This equilibrium ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, like some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that Entricted can perform a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of dominations.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, putting its potential for play.
Here we see Entrophic removed new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeping the network well connected.
This same network irrigation capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Entrophic organizing the routes of a fleet of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Entrophic shown to discover and execute a business strategy -- sold in a simulated series of action of actions, successfully increasing assets under its exponential management.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wisters, what you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the Rosettan, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we have all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then memories and they try to support the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all future future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence -- that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the search for target.
And they often ask me, "How do you look for goals from this kind of shape?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence, or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of influence in human history, something between the star of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Missity of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rock like the Earth's planets in our solar system, and also the amount of light that receives their sun.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this kind of potentially habitable world, our own planet is continuing under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot, recorded.
Galaxies and sea ice that have been with us from a millisecond now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the operating sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the pursuit of life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets I look for similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rich, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our investors like the "Cubic trace its surface in search of clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these marine images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with advanced ideas and pioneers compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be able to colonize -- really extraordinary places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and higher places of the Earth, the air is fresh and removed of oxygen.
I worry that this excitement by the collaboration of Mars and other planets is going to be a great shadow and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some of Mars will wait there to save us from this influential artifact of the only planet that we know is really livable to the Earth.
For a lot that I like intelligent exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titan captain will comment to us that the party of the truth will have a lot later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for interplanetary exploration and land preservation are not contract.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal to understand, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world light as extraterrestrial panels.
You just find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and unexpected areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment. Female paradox.
Many years ago, the European English physicist said, having realized that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life to now.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the Feynman paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It is arrogant to think that the interplanetary colonization will save us of ourselves, but the planetary preservation and intelligent exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to commit the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I analyzed my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I left them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other doors and windows and all they were well closed.
I thought about calling a close, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a surgeon could take a lot of time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe in the next morning, and I was coming out of my passport and my bag.
It would be expensive, but I sure that no more expensive than a period at a half night -- so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was okay.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It has cook that increases heart rhythm, model levels of adrenaline and nuclear thinking.
And when I got to the facility showed on the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, the probability of the probability that it is a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't crite.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kandrow, who's won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I talked to him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called pressure retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Kleingo, who had written from this a few years before, known as the promise.
Everybody knows what the prototype is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the promise, as Danny explains -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you might go wrong, then you try to figure out what can do to prevent things going on or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a profession.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to deliver a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called a hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the right is the fish, where the fish are the fish, where the fruit trees are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes in the London taxiers.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the fancy sense of the frames, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys of the car, reading glasses and passages.
So at home, you get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular guy.
If you get a place and they are completed with it, your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the traveled?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, drive, passion, send them by mail itself so they're in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases coral.
The cortex is toxic and entropy of thinking.
So part of progression is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this grows as a property for all of the decision-making decisions, and in fact for the decision-making decision-making and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you will benefit a rational assessment of the facts.
So let's suppose that you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart, break brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to acknowledge a drug that will help you reduce the color, a status."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most recorded drugs in the world today. It's probably probably you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the statistics."
But there is a question that you should do then, a statistics that is supposed to be asked from what most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for Net, the number need to treat.
And what is this, the Network.
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you should think what kind of destroyed statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't tell me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not clean in the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But Genmanian estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recorded statue of it, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This to the research of cynical researchers James Golden and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Google.
I'm exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, break brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my cholesterol goes.
Why not? Doctor? Let me take you all anymore."
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it's, "Hey, the secret effects "the secondary, right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- muscle pain and articulate pain pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think of clearly.
So think about how you can take this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out by the drug that the drug is helping you.
I don't say they should or not take the station.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this need to treat is pretty typical.
For the surgery that is being done in men over the age of 50, exposed from the prostate prostate of cancer, the number need to treat is 49 dollars.
So, 49 surgeries for one person who has helped you.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the erectile disconnect, originally direct incredible, straight incredible incident.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only give you a year or two.
So the idea of promoting is to think before the questions that you can plant to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change the career of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brains releases correlation under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face in face with a predators, you don't need the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast, you might get the lunch of lions -- so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thinking, like Danny Kanda and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future of these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all definition.
We're all going to fail from time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize the damage, or to prevent that bad things happen in the first place.
Reading at night in Montreal in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination along the door, with a key to the gate door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Ping, "Pen. My favorite musical symbol.
It means playing sustainable.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "The "The Party, you need to touch more supported.
Two percent, even more sweet.
Four percent, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a side of the side, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of dollars may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my definition current silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ATM, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came up during the 1980s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language was developed that we today know like ALS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf and taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it is as if I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, computers, behaviors and norms.
So how do you understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my adaptations and they amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't raise the door."
"You don't do a lot of noise to eat the potato paper bag back.
"You don't work, and when you're eating, you get out of not to sleep the covers on the plate."
This is all called sound "stage."
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting with nervous notes, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for decades.
TB: To continue.
TBP, to announce it.
You can see the board doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because lines already contain sounds through subtle and mass rented.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Patient in the ATM.
A typical plant has five lines.
However, to me, to be with my thumb that's not natural.
That's why I just have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to spread more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound, I decided to leave it and defend it.
I started creating a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something from a head person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could just give me to me and my artistic job, or I could be empowered.
I chose to empower me.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, work and institutions, work with many different performers from ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I asked you to borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that it could be stretched in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express it completely on paper.
And the same can be said about a concept in ALS.
The two are very spatial and highly engineered -- which means subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds like sound.
I'd like to share a penguin metaphor for you to understand how the ATM works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ATM is divided in many different graphic parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while the piano is touched as the facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the speed, the shape of hand and so on, as the piano is played -- English is a linear language, as if you would just stand up just a classroom at once.
However, the ATM is more like a chord -- you need 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in ALS.
If just a tent would change it, it would create completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with the music in terms of tone and shaking and volume.
In ALS, when you use these different graduate parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the satisfying signal in that."
This is the satellite signal in that."
I'm looking at you.
You look at it.
Oh, they carrying me.
There is it.
What are you looking for?
Ah, bad."
So I started thinking, and if I look at the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "Day, the sun comes out and puts it out.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a musical piece.
Every day.
I feel that the same thing can say all night.
"All night.
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to thinking about three different types of night, "Boy: "Index," "The night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS, and how the distance in the body can express changes in time.
For example, one -- it's a hand, two heres. It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, passenger? "Hold up and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time, "There's one time."
"The common "sector, it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "common "sector, I think automatically in the same time."
Watch M.D., right hand -- E, left hand.
We have the board through the head and the chest.
(Audience: Medica, short commander -- "The Checket, E, shell I'm going to show you a form of hand called "startup.
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it both in your head as the chest, something like common "sector: or at the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "they will be in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "grandmother, in the ATM.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's literacy, in the ATM.
Let's do the three together.
"It will be "but "busy, "grandmother: glacier: "Group, lighting."
Good work.
Look at how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how AIDS is alive and prosperous as the music.
However, today, we live in a very auditorium world.
And only because the USDA doesn't have sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what defines the social value and allowing the ASD to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ALS. Not that you have to hear to learn music.
The ATM is a rich testimony, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall out of us.
Thank you.
Dean Katrine: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would say, "You can send everything, but then you have to clean it.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a bubble bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults also enter and that they're not very good at clean the ones from others.
Last time, I'm now adults and citizens and invention at the Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage starts.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to speak, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a standard thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big burning and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom at Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this word of algorithm with adult height so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'm going to tell you, kids who manipulate electric tools are great, cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragile.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic, and kids are excited about robots.
We then created quickly what we call "a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before to lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in accessories. And we put it into a floating robot that will be slowly moving through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of every particle to get a proper estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "The International So that someone better even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and pushed, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students at Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they were taken with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Sunamis, the largest mangrove of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink is the water in which they are barely, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see the water is brown and the mud and the oil are also of the brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectacul, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be released through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We put this prototype with a sensor and send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance. I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I am half Japanese and half Dars and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they were interested in several giant waves called tsunami, and those tsunami tests destroyed several cities in the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant in Fukushima, a nuclear core near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has contractions by 1983.
If you go to the West coast, we can measure Funk radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different mass.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radioactive all their lives.
Along with them, we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, strategies -- the instrument, etc.
And to do this, we created a roughness map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the radiation map, we introduced pictures to represent real-time data, and we rock water to simulate rain.
And with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain towards the river system and it was going into the ocean.
It was an approach estimate.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear core to the date.
We zoom up to 1.5 miles away from the nuclear center, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting search sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and built it.
Here we see a progress, we have gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit smaller, so we found an industrial installation at Hong Kong and turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal chemistry, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical biology, basically you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children from children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
States, acceleration, acceleration."
Taking the Harvard -- we asked things like, can we invent the future of money with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age of age transforming its standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radioactive are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientists, creative, software, we need to prepare the next generation to be concerned about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two reduction cultures, radically opposite culture.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk stone.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is important about the environment, the other thing you believe.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel Angeles said that when he looked at the mom in brain, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The city was only a tool of Michelangelo.
But living beings are not citizense.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by regimes of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have been dictated by a world made of parts, scanning the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as destructive parts with different functions.
But you don't find any advanced material flags in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are stress with disabled paintings.
The skin skins are more thick with small parts.
You act mostly as a filter -- the other primarily as barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, no parts, no flags.
It's a system that is gradually worth its functionality through the variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the city and gene, between the machine and the organism, between the blood and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, in his simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, getting out of the assembly and moving into growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible that 10 or even five years?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they make four disciplines that offer access designers to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old rate of diameter with a vertical basis that one day not very distant to print entire buildings -- and graphics to nano machines made of genetically modified microorganisms, which shine in the dark.
Here we have recorded the cellulose -- an ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each abuse is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a failure -- this was for a fashion depth of Paris with Sri Asia. It's like a second skin made from a single piece -- risk in the contents, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and 3D failure without the costs between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a scanner C.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the time, comfortable and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes solid.
We print this supermarket of 44 different properties, which vary in region, operation and color, contributing to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another algae, but to continuously vary the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what care about.
Like she relates, "In the third day of creation, God sent to Earth to grow a fruit free from fruit free."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches and corals, streets and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design if the objects were made from one piece only.
Are we going to go back to a better state of creativity?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called the classical, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, stages and butterflies themselves.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate muscle structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal sarianal sarianal.  We asked a lot of cartoons of shrimp and broken them and we had a state of talent.
To vary chemical concentrations -- we have been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print large-scale structures, it built a system with multiple breathing bonds of extracellular controlled structure.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one single material three feet long, 100 percent recycled percent.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing plasticity?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photos that came for the first time on planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh of steel, and if you get even more, windows.
A fruit free tree career.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of carbon husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed to biomedical puts in the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We are looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for intelligent travel.
To do that, we need to dominate the bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created computing and advertised and biologically increased.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid allies, only that instead of taking precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing -- two microscopes.
The first one is the climate.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater stars.
And the second, E. colleague, the bacteria that there was in the human intestine.
A turning light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their way to the road.
So we began to grow those channels in the human body, by valuing the properties of material according to desired function.
If we wanted more pictures, we designed more transparent channels.
This portrait digestive system, when you stop an end to another, it takes 60 meters.
This is half of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our free intestine.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first protester cancer, channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Schell said, "We are crazy creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
And if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies up?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer print material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up. Addiction with sophistication.
This guilty calor, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture -- a home within which we are metaphorically.
Now the manufacturing manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not from two materials, but of two proteins in different concentrations in a different condition.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is presented in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to ice a competition color.
Tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hilling.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm career.
However, when you put the silk worm in a flat page, not within a box, we realized that I would ring a flat camera and still mark healthy.
So we started designing different environments, different animals, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the structure of the capital, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often manage the silk worms to death inside their cameras, their silk gets rid of and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without boiling one calculation.
They would be more metaphorically metaphorically, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves into our site.
We knew that sentence worms migrate towards more dark and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or abuses, to block the rays of light and heat and destroy silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the origins.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk silk farm.
And after you feed it four weeks, they were prepared by hidden with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and while they were hair, they were coming up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
The high biological silk silk silk silk -- they give all of this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little over two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms will take 65,000 miles.
In a symmetrical curious, this is also the length of the silk route.
The poles, after the ecosystem, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
An ice silk through a robotic arm, the other full vacuum.
If the last frontier.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we are taking care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them "What do you want to be more?
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked this?
You can show with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question "What do you want to be a bigger?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the killing and art and developed websites -- also, I played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boring, this feeling of broad, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something completely different, and I let me absorb and I feel "I have found my mind, and then again, this point where I start to break up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this in a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I'll deny all of my other passions and try to be bored.
Another reason that I became so old was a little more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me for not defining anything.
I was worried about having fear of engagement, or being spread, or to supply or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something I'd like to ask you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned how to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We are wondering, "What do you want to be?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
You consider an naive question to cause cute answers in children like, "Be antightthese." or "I want to be a painting."
They will insert the disaster of Hallow here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, I said, "Ocean, high school students are asked they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a bigger?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you get well infected and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be an art of violence and psychology.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he's a virtue of violence and psychologist.
And this Amy NG, magazines of magazine converted into illustration, entrepreneurs, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focusing life is very identical in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vocal, the idea that each of us has something that you have to spend during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What happens if there are many different issues that are going to wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong on you.
You're a multi-management.
A multi-management is someone with many interest and creative activities.
It's a back of a banker.
It could help if you divide in three places, multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a craft, renewable.
Over the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well sold in multiple disciplines.
Barack Sheet refers to us as a schools."
They use any term you like or invent yourself.
It seems to me as a species to adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the crowd as limited or a scale that you should be able to get.
But what I've learned with talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in being like this.
Here are three multi-market supermarkets.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Sheh Haman and Rachel Big expressed their interests shared in cartoon, data visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, at the end of Mexico.
Mexico is a company that creates jewelry invisible games.
Shake and Racho came up with this unique idea for his mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
There are new ideas.
And multinational multiples, with all their antibiotics, can access a lot of these points of interest.
The second multi-touch superpower is fast learning.
When the muscles are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely started from zero.
North Donald is a complete time of time and independent writing.
As a piano child performed an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before becoming a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this skill helps him write compelling launch for editors for the editors of the epidemic.
It rarely is a waste of time to lead to what you get to you, even if you finally drop it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you might not have anticipated.
The third multi-management superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation.
Abu Cambodia is sometimes director of videos, others, websites, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles depending on the needs of your clients.
The Facebook Commercial Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impossible that they are the individuals and organizations that can match to satisfy the market needs, which will really thrive.
Significant ideas, fast learning and adaptive -- three skills where multinational are very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging multi-management to be themselves.
We have complex problems, Muslims right now, and we need creative thinkers to do in front of them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They went out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscientists.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong on you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a specialist and a multi-management multi-management.
Space can dive in depth and put into practice ideas, and the crowd offers an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will engage with the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the muscles in large part are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you spend all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the multi-likes in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recycled with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those conventional markets.
They explore the interactions.
To embrace our inner wire leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multi-touch, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1901, a woman called August took it to a psychiatric in Friday.
I would argue and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Allisht.
Alis didn't know how to help August, but I was flying through it until that, unfortunately, passed back in 1996.
After his death, Alzheimer's made a freeway, and they found strange and obvious plates in the Argentina brain, a guy that had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you would have been alive today, we couldn't give it to her more aid than Alzheimer's gave him 14 years ago.
Allis was Dr. Allis Alzheimer's.
And August Determinate, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections -- many treatments for cancer, anti-testos for HIV, statistics for carbon and much more.
But it's just been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until 85 years or more, the possibility of contracting Alzheimer's will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the probability that they will spend their dollars with Alzheimer's or help take care of a friend or you want Alzheimer's.
Already in the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease today, and their costs provide an increase of five times in 2050.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that you can't prevent or cure or even reduce their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a little bit of people know about, but everybody should say, "Lone is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 140 years, all of the scientists -- connected Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be true in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to dealing with a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange blacks in the border of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the role that are beautiful.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form large plates and obsessions.
That's what we see in the patients brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identity of what step is complex, like developing a bomb.
Court a wire could do nothing.
The others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside of our lab has been seen yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms in worms.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are folding each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they save and live a normal life.
This is just a very positive outcome, but the research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 1414 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that it grows that hope, to get the Alzheimer's self, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try it, we can get it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have gotten more research and experienced pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators in the school.
That was essential to move through HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to get cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help us demanding a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in the January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience by testing it myself a night of the past summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to do 36 more and more personal questions, and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number two: If you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28 -- when was the last time you cry to another person?
And do you know?
As it gets older, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- this really likes -- "Tell your partner what you get away from him or her, very sincere this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but since then, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Molecula love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already automatically, so I guess some of you probably are wondering, "Are you going to go together?
And the reason I think you think about this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times probably would reach a few thousand views.
And that would take a good burden of attention in relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article published a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already called me the South Show and the Google Morning America.
In one month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with singular experience of the very own love, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has international news --  -- that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always asked the same question: You still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox.
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and corals like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman wrote to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your girlfriend is?
And immediately I got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for San Gallon, who included the experiences of readers when we tested the study into different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that both of us would make a public emergence together.
It took on TV interviews, and reveals the photos of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the unintended icon in the uncertainty process -- a range for which I didn't feel absolutely clear.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really worked, or whether it was able to produce forgivened love, not just an adventure, but real love, forgivened love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people were asking the wrong question.
How do you know if we are going to go together or not, and you can also say?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions of it?
Dr. Arthur Arab wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for it to promote interpersonal approach between college students, using what Arab called the sustained Apple Apple Authority, progression and recognized.
Sounds romantic -- right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it, several poster studies also used the Prime Minister of Arab as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between members of police and community, and they have used it between people of opposite political ideologies here.
The original version of history, which I tested last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and told me with time, and I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling.
And I said, "Do you want to say you fall in love with the person with whom you did?
Well, he made a pause of it.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends.
Do you feel that they were able to know better about testing the study.
The assistant.
So it worked. I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was getting a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was pretty much my entire adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if he could live without it.
So I got in science.
I did everything I could find about romantic love science, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just did research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used to feel like I sat then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see you more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What I look for for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from implicit risk, and this is a very frightening story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, still follow together?
And his content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I would argue that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How would you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably does a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your part?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, this is this: a year ago, a knowledge and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it's not the same thing to stay love.
It's the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We love we love because we take the choice to be.
And I set up a little bit when I read it now, not because it isn't true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was supposed to do.
I don't think about how many times we would have both of them to make that decision, and how many times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth I don't really think about.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe going on my life is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end of the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write about.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening. But that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lesbian lens and in some way I got a forest of the forest.
I heard something that really affected me, but more details ahead of it.
I will start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and a block of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later, and learn how our kind of exchanging ideas, for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got because here I'm 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all these weird things -- and I was doing a code for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I ran all the pages and I made a kind of square cell to the Agnes Mars, and I covered them in the resin, and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother has fear of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more profitable on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened. In some way it seemed like it went through size, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying thing.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow switched down, draw the same thing around a card in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own sea of inventory specimens.
First, bottles, you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the retina layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Seattle.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, radio sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the retina was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that they formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the queen.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big -- I call "structure."
For the terrorism, I was inspired by the Galiforma But High Democratic Galaxy, which is a painting in the Museum of Park in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the trade." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
50 feet long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the language.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analog mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where the creatures with the heads of animals are headed to the face, ready to stay in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a accountability.
Billy Graham is in the sea, House -- the Horizon Peter Platform -- Warren, the Olympic Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of the workforce.
It's coming out of the ocean, and you spit oil in a hand while the other hand is coming out of clouds.
Their hands are like stress, and it looks like a mythology that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So that's a spectrum of the "stream."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit on.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a train, like a bird peak, and you spit out clouds of this test.
It also has a 500 feet long.
Anyway, their tail is putting up fire when you put on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happens, you know.
Their tail ends up in a city of clothes made from terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
All over your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "people."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are entrepreneurs, dictionaries or magazine.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they together, they divide them.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can go into the inside.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover the penis or your bone, or whatever it is, a kind of angle thing.
It's a quick challenge of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body for half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue there.
There's a little forest scene inside the typical quality.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, as the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pitch Woods.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painting -- a musician, a reform, a radio, a radio, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We get the box and all the people in the middle of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with division, and people are all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
They take a message.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first of all, the intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and improving system so that any drug surroundings effect in the body.
The density, though, is that when you bring it up any drug drives.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the Record of CDC.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they take to get to the blood stream, they are diagnosed, and worse even for the time they take to get to your destination, which is where it's more important, at the HIV depth.
These are regions of the body as the lymph girls, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intuitive, and it doesn't easily go into the blood stream of the patients that are engaged to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a treatment of life administered by the orange.
One day, I sat and thought, "Can we get the treatment directly to the spread of the virus, without the risk of distinction of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use the hotel, for the care of diabetes and diabetes of diabetes, they can be used for anything, including the international transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best one is, "How is that possible?
We sent a little bit and powerful laser on the cellular membrane of the cell membrane by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in matter of microseconds as well.
Before you even realize the hole is replaced immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an incident in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the body of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal armed groups like terrorists, instruments or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not spreading.
My goal is to understand the better generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a sport between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors not government.
For example, from the 21st peace agreement between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, even we should be involved or depressed in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and political struggle is related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, Hellon Liberans, known for its violent approach against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Helizada has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamber Palestine, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Farming since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multiplayed.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, television stations, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the IMF magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex revolution of funds without sales, but by profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
And armed groups do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put in a professional training program or microscope programs.
Helish offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't provide and security and protection.
The taking of the Taliban in an Afghanistan described by war or even the principle of the IPIS ascent can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, electoral victory of 2006 can't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are horrified.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can catch it as something against a state.
How would you call a group like Hello."
They admire part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a relevant group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what's iRiding."
The lines are developed.
We live in a world of states without state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and they fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to contribute these groups to have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and leverage peace.
If we understand armed groups, we will understand what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very severe, but I'm afraid that accepting the fishery tag would be unfair.
I'm a female, but pretty bad.
And therefore I have a bad feminist of it.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Femist." And then in the interviews, people started calling me the Maltese Female.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate production, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminists, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was using it could be a feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a action, a taboo taboo and delicate.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being done.
For me, certain claims are ordinary. Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of automobile or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or documentary doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to deal with our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of incentives, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident. But to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contractions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist of me.
I have another conference.
When I drive to work, I hear rap music window to all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women and forgive me deeply, the classic "Salt Shakerhoid, the Hindu Yan Titanics is incredible.
Do it really with your wet shirt.
Portuge, day, move until you hit the copyright."
Think about it.
Portrait poetry, right?
I'm completely overwhelmed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the career collected and the care of the lawns and the machine maintenance of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bachules: the romantic comedy. And I have abstract fantasies of the stories that are made true.
Some of my clothes are more discovered.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge you.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise your children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women financially vulnerable when they choose to.
Let's solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminist that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of color women, workers and homosexual and transgendered women, in favor of white women, services, middle class.
Listen to that, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist female.
It's also this: As a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist feminist in a pen.
We hope that they attack perception.
When you get rid of them, we would take them very much from the same pension where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider that pencil before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector, they have fear of being labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female, by fear of what that tag means for fear to not be able to meet the little realistic expectations.
Take the example of Berlin, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a declared female.
In the August Museum of 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the word "Facebook, three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop embracing openly the feminist and doing the women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
The time passed, cultural critics started endless debate whether Berlin was or not precisely feminist.
They calculated their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and market.
We demand perfection of feminists, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so hard so much.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to show the feminist of any woman, put it down until it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist female, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of paradigm.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our implications to realize it, move to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I listen to disciplined music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demanded change effectively affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does his music have that present?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decide and bright and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are approached by strong creatures that they are.
I think in them, suddenly, the best option is going to be seen as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as a sport, the Torrey Game game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than as degradine objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as back of cocaine.
In any case, the men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough number of women, both to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are structured but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to the decision-making parts.
Since we are not messages -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of value and hope that our decisions get to the top, the people in the direct power and film producers and music producers and musicians, computers, legislations, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also claim our feminist family, well, bad, or any one of them.
The last line of my book "Mall Female, says, "I want to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because I got my voice to me and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to cope with what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as it was nothing.
I started believing that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write it.
I remember a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned how to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if I was a little brave, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us are the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the nagging reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need such a way.
Just after Christmas last year, 13 children in California had measles that I had visited Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Keith.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a defense immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse.
But a moment, was it not the article that developed the policy about autism and device and definitely definitely definitely definitely defined and marked by being a fraud of the British Medical Jordance?
Does it not believe most smart scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupid?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world remain that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism increases in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and periodic that I had heard about her creating all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 100,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting in.
Foundation organizations like Australian Speeckroads refer to the autism as an epidemic, as if I could tell you from another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the U.S. Disease Center in Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like the extra diagnostic critics, and a better data detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't trigger a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is that what happened is what happened to be the slow and expensive progress of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what the autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from the hospital Johns Hopkins -- 1949, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds, not to the people around them, even to their own parents.
They could fun for hours by waving their hands to their faces, but they were prey from the panic by media as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome, while I collected reference of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising because the criteria of Kanzi for autism diagnosis were very resistant.
For example, I would give you that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
Once he had turned out that he had turned nine in every 10 children sent by other doctors to his consultant to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
He classified autism as a form of child psychologist caused by cold and disappeared.
These kids, he said, have kept care about a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are arrested in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite record, he was right. He said, "Betty.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, carrying things like kids were simply remembering what they had heard of their early parents, desperate to win their approval to it.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world generally.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzin that autism was weird.
Long Winner, cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of the new Kansas mothers was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sudan.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Super without services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague, Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They paid a suburb of London called Cambodia to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was that the Manhattan model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and fun.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were focused on their fascination by astronomer, the dinosaurs or in the general reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in nice blocks and isolated, as Judishra said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Manhattan monopoly model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these children before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kansas article -- and then he forget, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this piece of competition, but I avoided hard to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Mars husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asian who runs an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Assistian for the teaching of children with learning differences were progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in his clinic started with music classes with music, and children were following their games the Sunday in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Assista was described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and space spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Assistant I called them their little teachers, and he decided to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
Fundamentally, Assistic saw autism as a diverse continuum that would bring a surprising variety of donor and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they always have been, watching aspects of this continuum in adversaries known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the teacher described.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a sign of autism is essential.
Lording and Judith discovered that Kanzin was wrong in that autism was infected, as well as the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the criteria of what they called autistic spectrum."
In the late '80s and early '90s, their changes came into a video, suggesting the limited model of Kanzi by a broad and even Assigation.
These changes didn't fall into a broken sheet.
Castling, when London and Judith worked between the baseball to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Ray Man: In 1988, just a small circle, fighting by experts knew what autism was, but after the incredible act of Dusty Home as Ray Baby and the recognition of Rachet Man: periods, psychologists and teachers around the world knew what the autism.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to be used to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Ray Man: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnoses began to rise up, just like they predicted London and Judishra, in fact expected that it went, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that they were designed.
So Andrew Wall came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, service story as bad as Kansas theory as bad as Kansas was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined up on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances -- addressing the term neurological to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed and obviously social and suffering from an attention of attention to detail.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Assistant, which creates that "the forest for the most exciting aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Group Zads once said, "We need all the hands in covered to learn the ship of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste no brain.
Thank you.
